{"input": "User Query: Are there any studies using A/B testing to enhance human evaluations?\nTitle: Hurdles to Progress in Long-form Question Answering\nAbstract:  Abstract The task of long-form question answering (LFQA) involves retrieving documents relevant to a given question and using them to generate a paragraph-length answer. While many models have recently been proposed for LFQA, we show in this paper that the task formulation raises fundamental challenges regarding evaluation and dataset creation that currently preclude meaningful modeling progress. To demonstrate these challenges, we first design a new system that relies on sparse attention and contrastive retriever learning to achieve state-of-the-art performance on the ELI5 LFQA dataset. While our system tops the public leaderboard, a detailed analysis reveals several troubling trends: (1) our system’s generated answers are not actually grounded in the documents that it retrieves; (2) ELI5 contains significant train / validation overlap, as at least 81% of ELI5 validation questions occur in paraphrased form in the training set; (3) ROUGE-L is not an informative metric of generated answer quality and can be easily gamed; and (4) human evaluations used for other text generation tasks are unreliable for LFQA. We offer suggestions to mitigate each of these issues, which we hope will lead to more rigorous LFQA research and meaningful progress in the future.††* Work done during an internship at Google Research.111Resources accompanying our paper can be found in https://github.com/martiansideofthemoon/hurdles-longform-qa ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Hurdles to Progress in Long-form Question Answering\" does not satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses challenges in human evaluations for long-form question answering (LFQA) and offers suggestions for improving evaluation methods, it does not mention or utilize A/B testing as a method to enhance human evaluations. The focus is on identifying issues with current evaluation metrics and datasets, rather than employing A/B testing to address or improve these evaluations."}
{"input": "User Query: What works exist about reusing raw data and retrieval-based methods in transfer learning?\nTitle: WebGPT: Browser-assisted question-answering with human feedback\nAbstract:  Abstract We fine-tune GPT-3 to answer long-form questions using a text-based web-browsing environment, which allows the model to search and navigate the web. By setting up the task so that it can be performed by humans, we are able to train models on the task using imitation learning, and then optimize answer quality with human feedback. To make human evaluation of factual accuracy easier, models must collect references while browsing in support of their answers. We train and evaluate our models on ELI5, a dataset of questions asked by Reddit users. Our best model is obtained by fine-tuning GPT-3 using behavior cloning, and then performing rejection sampling against a reward model trained to predict human preferences. This model’s answers are preferred by humans 56% of the time to those of our human demonstrators, and 69% of the time to the highest-voted answer from Reddit. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"WebGPT: Browser-assisted question-answering with human feedback\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses the use of retrieval-based methods (e.g., web browsing and collecting references to support answers), it does not focus on the reuse of raw data or the broader concept of transfer learning. Instead, the paper primarily addresses fine-tuning GPT-3 for long-form question answering using human feedback and imitation learning. The user query specifically seeks works related to reusing raw data and retrieval-based methods in the context of transfer learning, which is not the central focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers have recently improved the efficacy of Large Language Models via integration with APIs?\nTitle: Improving alignment of dialogue agents via targeted human judgements\nAbstract:  Abstract We present Sparrow, an information-seeking dialogue agent trained to be more helpful, correct, and harmless compared to prompted language model baselines. We use reinforcement learning from human feedback to train our models with two new additions to help human raters judge agent behaviour. First, to make our agent more helpful and harmless, we break down the requirements for good dialogue into natural language rules the agent should follow, and ask raters about each rule separately. We demonstrate that this breakdown enables us to collect more targeted human judgements of agent behaviour and allows for more efficient rule-conditional reward models. Second, our agent provides evidence from sources supporting factual claims when collecting preference judgements over model statements. For factual questions, evidence provided by Sparrow supports the sampled response 78% of the time. Sparrow is preferred more often than baselines while being more resilient to adversarial probing by humans, violating our rules only 8% of the time when probed. Finally, we conduct extensive analyses showing that though our model learns to follow our rules it can exhibit distributional biases. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Improving alignment of dialogue agents via targeted human judgements\" focuses on improving the alignment of dialogue agents through reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) and the introduction of natural language rules for targeted human judgments. While the paper discusses methods to enhance the helpfulness, correctness, and harmlessness of dialogue agents, it does not explicitly address improving the efficacy of large language models (LLMs) via integration with APIs. The improvements discussed in the paper are centered around training methodologies and human feedback mechanisms, rather than the integration of APIs to enhance LLM performance. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works highlighted the challenge of training instability for finding a sparse model in deep reinforcement learning (DRL)?\nTitle: Dynamic Sparse Training for Deep Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) agents are trained through trial-and-error interactions with the environment. This leads to a long training time for dense neural networks to achieve good performance. Hence, prohibitive computation and memory resources are consumed. Recently, learning efficient DRL agents has received increasing attention. Yet, current methods focus on accelerating inference time. In this paper, we introduce for the first time a dynamic sparse training approach for deep reinforcement learning to accelerate the training process. The proposed approach trains a sparse neural network from scratch and dynamically adapts its topology to the changing data distribution during training. Experiments on continuous control tasks show that our dynamic sparse agents achieve higher performance than the equivalent dense methods, reduce the parameter count and floating-point operations (FLOPs) by 50%, and have a faster learning speed that enables reaching the performance of dense agents with 40−50405040-50% reduction in the training steps111Code is available at: https://github.com/GhadaSokar/Dynamic-Sparse-Training-for-Deep-Reinforcement-Learning. Proceedings of the 31st International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI-22).. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Dynamic Sparse Training for Deep Reinforcement Learning,\" primarily focuses on introducing a dynamic sparse training approach to accelerate the training process of deep reinforcement learning (DRL) agents. While the paper discusses the benefits of training sparse neural networks and dynamically adapting their topology, it does not explicitly highlight or address the challenge of **training instability** when finding a sparse model in DRL. The user query specifically asks for works that emphasize the challenge of training instability in this context, and the abstract of the searched paper does not mention or analyze this issue. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: In what research was the idea of positional or structural encodings capturing identity-awareness proposed?\nTitle: Identity-aware Graph Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Message passing Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) provide a powerful modeling framework for relational data. However, the expressive power of existing GNNs is upper-bounded by the 1-Weisfeiler-Lehman (1-WL) graph isomorphism test, which means GNNs that are not able to predict node clustering coefficients and shortest path distances, and cannot differentiate between different d𝑑d-regular graphs. Here we develop a class of message passing GNNs, named Identity-aware Graph Neural Networks (ID-GNNs), with greater expressive power than the 1-WL test. ID-GNN offers a minimal but powerful solution to limitations of existing GNNs. ID-GNN extends existing GNN architectures by inductively considering nodes’ identities during message passing. To embed a given node, ID-GNN first extracts the ego network centered at the node, then conducts rounds of heterogeneous message passing, where different sets of parameters are applied to the center node than to other surrounding nodes in the ego network. We further propose a simplified but faster version of ID-GNN that injects node identity information as augmented node features. Altogether, both versions of ID-GNN represent general extensions of message passing GNNs, where experiments show that transforming existing GNNs to ID-GNNs yields on average 40% accuracy improvement on challenging node, edge, and graph property prediction tasks; 3% accuracy improvement on node and graph classification benchmarks; and 15% ROC AUC improvement on real-world link prediction tasks. Additionally, ID-GNNs demonstrate improved or comparable performance over other task-specific graph networks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Identity-aware Graph Neural Networks\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. The user query specifically asks about research where the idea of **positional or structural encodings capturing identity-awareness** was proposed. While the paper discusses the concept of identity-awareness in graph neural networks (GNNs) and introduces the Identity-aware Graph Neural Networks (ID-GNNs) framework, it does not explicitly focus on **positional or structural encodings** as the mechanism for capturing identity-awareness. Instead, the paper emphasizes the use of ego networks and heterogeneous message passing to incorporate node identity into the GNN framework. This approach is distinct from the concept of positional or structural encodings, which are typically used to encode the relative positions or structural roles of nodes within a graph. Therefore, the paper does not fully address the specific aspect of positional or structural encodings as requested in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you give me examples of studies of equivariant models using atom embeddings in spaces of much higher dimension?\nTitle: Vector Neurons: A General Framework for SO(3)-Equivariant Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Invariance and equivariance to the rotation group have been widely discussed in the 3D deep learning community for pointclouds. Yet most proposed methods either use complex mathematical tools that may limit their accessibility, or are tied to specific input data types and network architectures. In this paper, we introduce a general framework built on top of what we call Vector Neuron representations for creating SO(3)-equivariant neural networks for pointcloud processing. Extending neurons from 1D scalars to 3D vectors, our vector neurons enable a simple mapping of SO(3) actions to latent spaces thereby providing a framework for building equivariance in common neural operations – including linear layers, non-linearities, pooling, and normalizations. Due to their simplicity, vector neurons are versatile and, as we demonstrate, can be incorporated into diverse network architecture backbones, allowing them to process geometry inputs in arbitrary poses. Despite its simplicity, our method performs comparably well in accuracy and generalization with other more complex and specialized state-of-the-art methods on classification and segmentation tasks. We also show for the first time a rotation equivariant reconstruction network. Source code is available at https://github.com/FlyingGiraffe/vnn. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Vector Neurons: A General Framework for SO(3)-Equivariant Networks\" focuses on developing a general framework for SO(3)-equivariant neural networks for processing 3D point clouds. While it discusses equivariant models and their applications, it does not specifically address the use of atom embeddings or explore spaces of much higher dimension. The paper's focus is on vector neuron representations and their application to point cloud data, rather than on atom embeddings or high-dimensional spaces as required by the user query. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you tell me any works about non-parametric methods for pose estimation?\nTitle: SC2-PCR: A Second Order Spatial Compatibility for Efficient and Robust Point Cloud Registration\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper, we present a second order spatial compatibility (SC2) measure based method for efficient and robust point cloud registration (PCR), called SC2-PCR 111Code will be available at https://github.com/ZhiChen902/SC2-PCR.. Firstly, we propose a second order spatial compatibility (SC2) measure to compute the similarity between correspondences. It considers the global compatibility instead of local consistency, allowing for more distinctive clustering between inliers and outliers at early stage. Based on this measure, our registration pipeline employs a global spectral technique to find some reliable seeds from the initial correspondences. Then we design a two-stage strategy to expand each seed to a consensus set based on the SC2 measure matrix. Finally, we feed each consensus set to a weighted SVD algorithm to generate a candidate rigid transformation and select the best model as the final result. Our method can guarantee to find a certain number of outlier-free consensus sets using fewer samplings, making the model estimation more efficient and robust. In addition, the proposed SC2 measure is general and can be easily plugged into deep learning based frameworks. Extensive experiments are carried out to investigate the performance of our method. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"SC2-PCR: A Second Order Spatial Compatibility for Efficient and Robust Point Cloud Registration,\" focuses on point cloud registration using a second-order spatial compatibility measure. While point cloud registration is related to pose estimation, the paper does not explicitly address non-parametric methods for pose estimation. Instead, it describes a specific method involving global spectral techniques, consensus set generation, and weighted SVD for rigid transformation estimation. Furthermore, the paper does not emphasize or claim to use non-parametric methods, which are typically characterized by their avoidance of parametric assumptions about data distributions. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What is the study that suggested a measure of 'explicitness' which reports the informativeness score with a linear probe?\nTitle: Learning Deep Disentangled Embeddings With the F-Statistic Loss\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep-embedding methods aim to discover representations of a domain that make explicit the domain’s class structure and thereby support few-shot learning. Disentangling methods aim to make explicit compositional or factorial structure. We combine these two active but independent lines of research and propose a new paradigm suitable for both goals. We propose and evaluate a novel loss function based on the F𝐹F statistic, which describes the separation of two or more distributions. By ensuring that distinct classes are well separated on a subset of embedding dimensions, we obtain embeddings that are useful for few-shot learning. By not requiring separation on all dimensions, we encourage the discovery of disentangled representations. Our embedding method matches or beats state-of-the-art, as evaluated by performance on recall@k𝑘k and few-shot learning tasks. Our method also obtains performance superior to a variety of alternatives on disentangling, as evaluated by two key properties of a disentangled representation: modularity and explicitness. The goal of our work is to obtain more interpretable, manipulable, and generalizable deep representations of concepts and categories. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Learning Deep Disentangled Embeddings With the F-Statistic Loss,\" discusses disentangled representations and evaluates them using properties like modularity and explicitness. However, it does not specifically suggest a measure of \"explicitness\" that reports the informativeness score with a linear probe. The abstract does not mention the use of a linear probe or a specific measure of informativeness tied to explicitness. Instead, the focus is on the F-statistic loss and its application to disentangled embeddings and few-shot learning. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some studies focusing on revising the surrogate in the context of Perturbative availability poison?\nTitle: Self-Ensemble Protection: Training Checkpoints Are Good Data Protectors\nAbstract:  Abstract As data becomes increasingly vital, a company would be very cautious about releasing data, because the competitors could use it to train high-performance models, thereby posing a tremendous threat to the company’s commercial competence. To prevent training good models on the data, we could add imperceptible perturbations to it. Since such perturbations aim at hurting the entire training process, they should reflect the vulnerability of DNN training, rather than that of a single model. Based on this new idea, we seek perturbed examples that are always unrecognized (never correctly classified) in training. In this paper, we uncover them by model checkpoints’ gradients, forming the proposed self-ensemble protection (SEP), which is very effective because (1) learning on examples ignored during normal training tends to yield DNNs ignoring normal examples; (2) checkpoints’ cross-model gradients are close to orthogonal, meaning that they are as diverse as DNNs with different architectures. That is, our amazing performance of ensemble only requires the computation of training one model. By extensive experiments with 9 baselines on 3 datasets and 5 architectures, SEP is verified to be a new state-of-the-art, e.g., our small ℓ∞=2/255subscriptℓ2255\\ell_{\\infty}=2/255 perturbations reduce the accuracy of a CIFAR-10 ResNet18 from 94.56% to 14.68%, compared to 41.35% by the best-known method. Code is available at https://github.com/Sizhe-Chen/SEP. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Self-Ensemble Protection: Training Checkpoints Are Good Data Protectors\"* focuses on a method for crafting perturbations (Self-Ensemble Protection or SEP) to prevent effective model training by adversaries. While the paper discusses perturbative availability poisoning, it does not explicitly address the concept of *revising the surrogate* in this context. The user query specifically seeks studies that focus on revising the surrogate model or surrogate approach in the context of perturbative availability poisoning. However, this paper emphasizes leveraging model checkpoints’ gradients for generating perturbations and does not delve into revising or modifying surrogate models. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies developed alternative text-to-image models based on visual tokens?\nTitle: Attention Is All You Need\nAbstract:  Abstract The dominant sequence transduction models are based on complex recurrent or convolutional neural networks that include an encoder and a decoder. The best performing models also connect the encoder and decoder through an attention mechanism. We propose a new simple network architecture, the Transformer, based solely on attention mechanisms, dispensing with recurrence and convolutions entirely. Experiments on two machine translation tasks show these models to be superior in quality while being more parallelizable and requiring significantly less time to train. Our model achieves 28.4 BLEU on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, improving over the existing best results, including ensembles, by over 2 BLEU. On the WMT 2014 English-to-French translation task, our model establishes a new single-model state-of-the-art BLEU score of 41.8 after training for 3.5 days on eight GPUs, a small fraction of the training costs of the best models from the literature. We show that the Transformer generalizes well to other tasks by applying it successfully to English constituency parsing both with large and limited training data. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper \"Attention Is All You Need\" focuses on introducing the Transformer architecture, which is a novel sequence transduction model based solely on attention mechanisms. The paper primarily discusses its application to tasks like machine translation and English constituency parsing. It does not address the development of alternative text-to-image models or the use of visual tokens. Therefore, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper used techniques like Natural Language Inference (NLI) and dataset benchmarking for improving dialogue consistency?\nTitle: Don’t be Contradicted with Anything! CI-ToD: Towards Benchmarking Consistency for Task-oriented Dialogue System\nAbstract:  Abstract Consistency Identification has obtained remarkable success on open-domain dialogue, which can be used for preventing inconsistent response generation. However, in contrast to the rapid development in open-domain dialogue, few efforts have been made to the task-oriented dialogue direction. In this paper, we argue that consistency problem is more urgent in task-oriented domain. To facilitate the research, we introduce CI-ToD, a novel dataset for Consistency Identification in Task-oriented Dialog system. In addition, we not only annotate the single label to enable the model to judge whether the system response is contradictory, but also provide more fine-grained labels (i.e., Dialogue History Inconsistency, User Query Inconsistency and Knowledge Base Inconsistency) to encourage model to know what inconsistent sources lead to it. Empirical results show that state-of-the-art methods only achieve 51.3%, which is far behind the human performance of 93.2%, indicating that there is ample room for improving consistency identification ability. Finally, we conduct exhaustive experiments and qualitative analysis to comprehend key challenges and provide guidance for future directions. All datasets and models are publicly available at https://github.com/yizhen20133868/CI-ToD. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper, \"Don’t be Contradicted with Anything! CI-ToD: Towards Benchmarking Consistency for Task-oriented Dialogue System,\" focuses on improving dialogue consistency and introduces a dataset for benchmarking consistency in task-oriented dialogue systems, there is no explicit mention in the abstract of using **Natural Language Inference (NLI)** techniques. The paper primarily discusses the creation of a dataset (CI-ToD) and annotating it with fine-grained labels to identify inconsistency sources. Although dataset benchmarking is a key part of the paper, the absence of a clear reference to NLI techniques in the abstract means it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research has been done on partial interventional identification of continuous outcomes?\nTitle: Quantifying Ignorance in Individual-Level Causal-Effect Estimates under Hidden Confounding\nAbstract:  Abstract We study the problem of learning conditional average treatment effects (CATE) from high-dimensional, observational data with unobserved confounders. Unobserved confounders introduce ignorance—a level of unidentifiability—about an individual’s response to treatment by inducing bias in CATE estimates. We present a new parametric interval estimator suited for high-dimensional data, that estimates a range of possible CATE values when given a predefined bound on the level of hidden confounding. Further, previous interval estimators do not account for ignorance about the CATE associated with samples that may be underrepresented in the original study, or samples that violate the overlap assumption. Our interval estimator also incorporates model uncertainty so that practitioners can be made aware of such out-of-distribution data. We prove that our estimator converges to tight bounds on CATE when there may be unobserved confounding and assess it using semi-synthetic, high-dimensional datasets. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on estimating conditional average treatment effects (CATE) under hidden confounding in high-dimensional observational data. While it addresses issues of unidentifiability and provides interval estimates for CATE, it does not explicitly address the problem of *partial interventional identification* of *continuous outcomes*. The paper primarily deals with estimating bounds on treatment effects in the presence of unobserved confounders, rather than exploring methods or frameworks for partial identification of continuous outcomes under interventions. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research papers have focused on introducing patch-level contrastive losses for visual-language pretraining?\nTitle: DenseCLIP: Language-Guided Dense Prediction with Context-Aware Prompting\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent progress has shown that large-scale pre-training using contrastive image-text pairs can be a promising alternative for high-quality visual representation learning from natural language supervision. Benefiting from a broader source of supervision, this new paradigm exhibits impressive transferability to downstream classification tasks and datasets. However, the problem of transferring the knowledge learned from image-text pairs to more complex dense prediction tasks has barely been visited. In this work, we present a new framework for dense prediction by implicitly and explicitly leveraging the pre-trained knowledge from CLIP. Specifically, we convert the original image-text matching problem in CLIP to a pixel-text matching problem and use the pixel-text score maps to guide the learning of dense prediction models. By further using the contextual information from the image to prompt the language model, we are able to facilitate our model to better exploit the pre-trained knowledge. Our method is model-agnostic, which can be applied to arbitrary dense prediction systems and various pre-trained visual backbones including both CLIP models and ImageNet pre-trained models. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superior performance of our methods on semantic segmentation, object detection, and instance segmentation tasks. Code is available at https://github.com/raoyongming/DenseCLIP. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"DenseCLIP: Language-Guided Dense Prediction with Context-Aware Prompting\" does not focus on introducing patch-level contrastive losses for visual-language pretraining. Instead, it discusses a framework for dense prediction tasks by leveraging pre-trained knowledge from CLIP. The paper adapts CLIP's image-text matching to a pixel-text matching paradigm and uses contextual prompting to improve dense prediction tasks like semantic segmentation and object detection. While it builds on CLIP's pre-trained visual-language representations, it does not introduce or focus on patch-level contrastive losses for visual-language pretraining, which is the specific requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Where can I find applications of deep learning techniques in the domain of federated RL?\nTitle: IMPALA: Scalable Distributed Deep-RL with Importance Weighted Actor-Learner Architectures\nAbstract:  Abstract In this work we aim to solve a large collection of tasks using a single reinforcement learning agent with a single set of parameters. A key challenge is to handle the increased amount of data and extended training time. We have developed a new distributed agent IMPALA (Importance Weighted Actor-Learner Architecture) that not only uses resources more efficiently in single-machine training but also scales to thousands of machines without sacrificing data efficiency or resource utilisation. We achieve stable learning at high throughput by combining decoupled acting and learning with a novel off-policy correction method called V-trace. We demonstrate the effectiveness of IMPALA for multi-task reinforcement learning on DMLab-30 (a set of 30 tasks from the DeepMind Lab environment (Beattie et al., 2016)) and Atari-57 (all available Atari games in Arcade Learning Environment (Bellemare et al., 2013a)). Our results show that IMPALA is able to achieve better performance than previous agents with less data, and crucially exhibits positive transfer between tasks as a result of its multi-task approach. The source code is publicly available at github.com/deepmind/scalable_agent. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"IMPALA: Scalable Distributed Deep-RL with Importance Weighted Actor-Learner Architectures\" focuses on scalable distributed reinforcement learning (RL) using the IMPALA architecture. While it employs deep learning techniques in the context of RL, the paper does not address federated reinforcement learning (federated RL). Federated RL involves decentralized learning where multiple agents collaboratively train a model without sharing raw data, often to address privacy or communication constraints. The IMPALA framework instead emphasizes distributed RL with centralized training across multiple machines to improve efficiency and scalability. Therefore, this paper does not satisfy the user's query about applications of deep learning in federated RL."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works propose safety training methods involving finetuning using human preference and AI feedback?\nTitle: Deep reinforcement learning from human preferences\nAbstract: For sophisticated reinforcement learning (RL) systems to interact usefully with real-world environments, we need to communicate complex goals to these systems. In this work, we explore goals defined in terms of (non-expert) human preferences between pairs of trajectory segments. We show that this approach can effectively solve complex RL tasks without access to the reward function, including Atari games and simulated robot locomotion, while providing feedback on less than one percent of our agent's interactions with the environment. This reduces the cost of human oversight far enough that it can be practically applied to state-of-the-art RL systems. To demonstrate the flexibility of our approach, we show that we can successfully train complex novel behaviors with about an hour of human time. These behaviors and environments are considerably more complex than any that have been previously learned from human feedback.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Deep reinforcement learning from human preferences\" discusses training reinforcement learning systems using human preferences, it does not explicitly propose safety training methods involving **finetuning using both human preference and AI feedback**. The paper focuses on using human preferences to define goals and train RL agents, but it does not mention the use of AI feedback as part of the training process. The user query specifically requires methods that incorporate both human preference and AI feedback for safety training, which is not fully addressed in the paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers introduced Key-Value Cache, which minimizes repetitive computation of hidden key-value pairs in LLM decoding process?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"1 Introduction\" does not provide sufficient information in its title or abstract to determine if it introduces the Key-Value Cache mechanism, which minimizes repetitive computation of hidden key-value pairs in the LLM decoding process. The abstract provided is missing, and the title is too generic to infer any relevance to the query. Without explicit evidence or details about the Key-Value Cache mechanism, the paper cannot be confirmed as satisfying the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What is the work that proposes leveraging the technique of prompting for downstream tasks of large language models (LLMs)?\nTitle: Foundation Models for Decision Making: Problems, Methods, and Opportunities\nAbstract:  Abstract. Foundation models pretrained on diverse data at scale have demonstrated extraordinary capabilities in a wide range of vision and language tasks. When such models are deployed in real world environments, they inevitably interface with other entities and agents. For example, language models are often used to interact with human beings through dialogue, and visual perception models are used to autonomously navigate neighborhood streets. In response to these developments, new paradigms are emerging for training foundation models to interact with other agents and perform long-term reasoning. These paradigms leverage the existence of ever-larger datasets curated for multimodal, multitask, and generalist interaction. Research at the intersection of foundation models and decision making holds tremendous promise for creating powerful new systems that can interact effectively across a diverse range of applications such as dialogue, autonomous driving, healthcare, education, and robotics. In this manuscript, we examine the scope of foundation models for decision making, and provide conceptual tools and technical background for understanding the problem space and exploring new research directions. We review recent approaches that ground foundation models in practical decision making applications through a variety of methods such as prompting, conditional generative modeling, planning, optimal control, and reinforcement learning, and discuss common challenges and open problems in the field.   Figure 1. Overview of foundation models for decision making. Foundation models pretrained on broad data are adapted to accomplish specific tasks by interacting with external entities and receiving feedback.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Foundation Models for Decision Making: Problems, Methods, and Opportunities\" mentions prompting as one of the methods for grounding foundation models in practical decision-making applications, it does not specifically propose leveraging the technique of prompting for downstream tasks of large language models (LLMs). The paper provides a broad overview of various methods, including prompting, but it does not focus solely on or propose a novel approach to using prompting for downstream tasks of LLMs. The user query specifically asks for work that proposes leveraging prompting for downstream tasks of LLMs, and this paper does not fully satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies explore training Language and Vision-Integrated Language Models (LVLMs) to optimize goals such as becoming helpful using reinforcement learning?\nTitle: Can Neural Machine Translation be Improved with User Feedback?\nAbstract:  Abstract We present the first real-world application of methods for improving neural machine translation (NMT) with human reinforcement, based on explicit and implicit user feedback collected on the eBay e-commerce platform. Previous work has been confined to simulation experiments, whereas in this paper we work with real logged feedback for offline bandit learning of NMT parameters. We conduct a thorough analysis of the available explicit user judgments—five-star ratings of translation quality—and show that they are not reliable enough to yield significant improvements in bandit learning. In contrast, we successfully utilize implicit task-based feedback collected in a cross-lingual search task to improve task-specific and machine translation quality metrics. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"Can Neural Machine Translation be Improved with User Feedback?\" focuses on improving neural machine translation (NMT) using human reinforcement based on explicit and implicit user feedback. It specifically deals with translation quality in the context of e-commerce platforms, such as eBay, and does not address Language and Vision-Integrated Language Models (LVLMs). Furthermore, the paper does not explore optimizing goals such as becoming helpful using reinforcement learning in the context of LVLMs. Instead, it focuses on bandit learning for NMT parameters using user feedback. Therefore, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What work is a representative of self-supervised methods in learning robust instance-level correspondence?\nTitle: Do Different Tracking Tasks Require Different Appearance Models?\nAbstract:  Abstract Tracking objects of interest in a video is one of the most popular and widely applicable problems in computer vision. However, with the years, a Cambrian explosion of use cases and benchmarks has fragmented the problem in a multitude of different experimental setups. As a consequence, the literature has fragmented too, and now novel approaches proposed by the community are usually specialised to fit only one specific setup. To understand to what extent this specialisation is necessary, in this work we present UniTrack, a solution to address five different tasks within the same framework. UniTrack consists of a single and task-agnostic appearance model, which can be learned in a supervised or self-supervised fashion, and multiple “heads” that address individual tasks and do not require training. We show how most tracking tasks can be solved within this framework, and that the same appearance model can be successfully used to obtain results that are competitive against specialised methods for most of the tasks considered. The framework also allows us to analyse appearance models obtained with the most recent self-supervised methods, thus extending their evaluation and comparison to a larger variety of important problems. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"Do Different Tracking Tasks Require Different Appearance Models?\" discusses self-supervised methods as part of its framework (UniTrack) and evaluates appearance models obtained with self-supervised techniques, the primary focus of the paper is on addressing multiple tracking tasks within a unified framework. The paper emphasizes the versatility of UniTrack in handling different tracking tasks and its ability to use a single appearance model for various setups. Although self-supervised learning is mentioned as an option for training the appearance model, the paper does not specifically focus on learning robust instance-level correspondence, which is the core requirement of the user query. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research is there on leveraging inter-class similarity information in novel class discovery?\nTitle: Modeling Inter-Class and Intra-Class Constraints in Novel Class Discovery\nAbstract:  Abstract Novel class discovery (NCD) aims at learning a model that transfers the common knowledge from a class-disjoint labelled dataset to another unlabelled dataset and discovers new classes (clusters) within it. Many methods, as well as elaborate training pipelines and appropriate objectives, have been proposed and considerably boosted performance on NCD tasks. Despite all this, we find that the existing methods do not sufficiently take advantage of the essence of the NCD setting. To this end, in this paper, we propose to model both inter-class and intra-class constraints in NCD based on the symmetric Kullback-Leibler divergence (sKLD). Specifically, we propose an inter-class sKLD constraint to effectively exploit the disjoint relationship between labelled and unlabelled classes, enforcing the separability for different classes in the embedding space. In addition, we present an intra-class sKLD constraint to explicitly constrain the intra-relationship between a sample and its augmentations and ensure the stability of the training process at the same time. We conduct extensive experiments on the popular CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and ImageNet benchmarks and successfully demonstrate that our method can establish a new state of the art and can achieve significant performance improvements, e.g., 3.5%/3.7% clustering accuracy improvements on CIFAR100-50 dataset split under the task-aware/-agnostic evaluation protocol, over previous state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at https://github.com/FanZhichen/NCD-IIC. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on leveraging **inter-class and intra-class constraints** in novel class discovery (NCD) using symmetric Kullback-Leibler divergence (sKLD). While it does address inter-class relationships, the emphasis is on modeling **disjoint relationships** between labeled and unlabeled classes to enforce separability in the embedding space. This approach primarily exploits the **disjoint nature** of classes rather than leveraging **inter-class similarity information**. The user query specifically asks about research on leveraging **inter-class similarity information**, which is not the focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works proposed parameter isolation methods for continual learning?\nTitle: Expert Gate: Lifelong Learning with a Network of Experts\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper we introduce a model of lifelong learning, based on a Network of Experts. New tasks / experts are learned and added to the model sequentially, building on what was learned before. To ensure scalability of this process, data from previous tasks cannot be stored and hence is not available when learning a new task. A critical issue in such context, not addressed in the literature so far, relates to the decision which expert to deploy at test time. We introduce a set of gating autoencoders that learn a representation for the task at hand, and, at test time, automatically forward the test sample to the relevant expert. This also brings memory efficiency as only one expert network has to be loaded into memory at any given time. Further, the autoencoders inherently capture the relatedness of one task to another, based on which the most relevant prior model to be used for training a new expert, with fine-tuning or learning-without-forgetting, can be selected. We evaluate our method on image classification and video prediction problems.  ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The paper \"Expert Gate: Lifelong Learning with a Network of Experts\" does not explicitly propose a parameter isolation method for continual learning. While the paper introduces a \"Network of Experts\" model where new tasks are learned sequentially and experts are added, the focus is on task-specific expert selection using gating autoencoders rather than isolating parameters within a single model for different tasks. Parameter isolation methods in continual learning typically involve techniques like freezing parts of the model, masking, or assigning specific parameters to specific tasks to prevent interference. This paper instead emphasizes task routing and expert selection, which is a different approach. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What work discusses a more efficient reinforcement learning method for NCO model training?\nTitle: Neural Combinatorial Optimization with Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper presents a framework to tackle combinatorial optimization problems using neural networks and reinforcement learning. We focus on the traveling salesman problem (TSP) and train a recurrent neural network that, given a set of city coordinates, predicts a distribution over different city permutations. Using negative tour length as the reward signal, we optimize the parameters of the recurrent neural network using a policy gradient method. We compare learning the network parameters on a set of training graphs against learning them on individual test graphs. Despite the computational expense, without much engineering and heuristic designing, Neural Combinatorial Optimization achieves close to optimal results on 2D Euclidean graphs with up to 100100100 nodes. Applied to the KnapSack, another NP-hard problem, the same method obtains optimal solutions for instances with up to 200200200 items. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Neural Combinatorial Optimization with Reinforcement Learning,\" discusses the use of reinforcement learning (specifically, policy gradient methods) for training neural combinatorial optimization (NCO) models. However, it does not explicitly focus on proposing or discussing a *more efficient* reinforcement learning method for NCO model training. Instead, the paper primarily introduces the framework and demonstrates its application to combinatorial optimization problems like the Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) and Knapsack Problem. While it achieves competitive results, the abstract does not indicate any specific advancements or improvements in the efficiency of reinforcement learning methods for training NCO models, which is the core requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers mentioned scaling the size of convolution to 31×31 with an optimized CUDA kernel?\nTitle: Scaling Up Your Kernels to 31x31: Revisiting Large Kernel Design in CNNs\nAbstract:  Abstract We revisit large kernel design in modern convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Inspired by recent advances in vision transformers (ViTs), in this paper, we demonstrate that using a few large convolutional kernels instead of a stack of small kernels could be a more powerful paradigm. We suggested five guidelines, e.g., applying re-parameterized large depth-wise convolutions, to design efficient high-performance large-kernel CNNs. Following the guidelines, we propose RepLKNet, a pure CNN architecture whose kernel size is as large as 31×\\times31, in contrast to commonly used 3×\\times3. RepLKNet greatly closes the performance gap between CNNs and ViTs, e.g., achieving comparable or superior results than Swin Transformer on ImageNet and a few typical downstream tasks, with lower latency. RepLKNet also shows nice scalability to big data and large models, obtaining 87.8% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet and 56.0% mIoU on ADE20K, which is very competitive among the state-of-the-arts with similar model sizes. Our study further reveals that, in contrast to small-kernel CNNs, large-kernel CNNs have much larger effective receptive fields and higher shape bias rather than texture bias. Code & models at https://github.com/megvii-research/RepLKNet. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"Scaling Up Your Kernels to 31x31: Revisiting Large Kernel Design in CNNs\" does discuss scaling convolutional kernel sizes to 31×31, it does not explicitly mention the use of an *optimized CUDA kernel* for this purpose. The abstract primarily focuses on the design of large-kernel CNNs (e.g., RepLKNet) and their performance benefits, but it does not provide any indication that the scaling to 31×31 is achieved through an optimized CUDA kernel. The user query specifically asks for papers that mention scaling convolution sizes to 31×31 with an optimized CUDA kernel, which is not addressed in this abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide some references discussing neural Wasserstein gradient flows?\nTitle: The Deep Minimizing Movement Scheme\nAbstract:  Abstract Solutions of certain partial differential equations (PDEs) are often represented by the steepest descent curves of corresponding functionals. Minimizing movement scheme was developed in order to study such curves in metric spaces. Especially, Jordan-Kinderlehrer-Otto studied the Fokker-Planck equation in this way with respect to the Wasserstein metric space. In this paper, we propose a deep learning-based minimizing movement scheme for approximating the solutions of PDEs. The proposed method is highly scalable for high-dimensional problems as it is free of mesh generation. We demonstrate through various kinds of numerical examples that the proposed method accurately approximates the solutions of PDEs by finding the steepest descent direction of a functional even in high dimensions. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"The Deep Minimizing Movement Scheme\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses a deep learning-based minimizing movement scheme and mentions the Wasserstein metric space in the context of solving PDEs, it does not explicitly focus on \"neural Wasserstein gradient flows.\" The user query specifically requests references discussing neural Wasserstein gradient flows, which implies a focus on the intersection of neural networks and Wasserstein gradient flows. The paper appears to address a broader topic of approximating PDE solutions using deep learning and minimizing movement schemes, rather than specifically addressing neural Wasserstein gradient flows."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you mention some works that have proposed meta-learning algorithms comparable to ADKF-IFT?\nTitle: Few-Shot Bayesian Optimization with Deep Kernel Surrogates\nAbstract:  Abstract Hyperparameter optimization (HPO) is a central pillar in the automation of machine learning solutions and is mainly performed via Bayesian optimization, where a parametric surrogate is learned to approximate the black box response function (e.g. validation error). Unfortunately, evaluating the response function is computationally intensive. As a remedy, earlier work emphasizes the need for transfer learning surrogates which learn to optimize hyperparameters for an algorithm from other tasks. In contrast to previous work, we propose to rethink HPO as a few-shot learning problem in which we train a shared deep surrogate model to quickly adapt (with few response evaluations) to the response function of a new task. We propose the use of a deep kernel network for a Gaussian process surrogate that is meta-learned in an end-to-end fashion in order to jointly approximate the response functions of a collection of training data sets. As a result, the novel few-shot optimization of our deep kernel surrogate leads to new state-of-the-art results at HPO compared to several recent methods on diverse metadata sets. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on hyperparameter optimization (HPO) using a meta-learned deep kernel surrogate for few-shot Bayesian optimization. While it involves meta-learning concepts, the paper does not explicitly propose a meta-learning algorithm comparable to ADKF-IFT (Adaptive Deep Kernel Learning with Implicit Function Theorem). ADKF-IFT is typically associated with advanced meta-learning methods that leverage implicit differentiation for optimization. The searched paper emphasizes few-shot learning for HPO rather than proposing a meta-learning algorithm directly comparable to ADKF-IFT. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies investigate the effects of various training factors on the flatness of the found minima?\nTitle: The Implicit and Explicit Regularization Effects of Dropout\nAbstract:  Abstract Dropout is a widely-used regularization technique, often required to obtain state-of-the-art for a number of architectures. This work demonstrates that dropout introduces two distinct but entangled regularization effects: an explicit effect (also studied in prior work) which occurs since dropout modifies the expected training objective, and, perhaps surprisingly, an additional implicit effect from the stochasticity in the dropout training update. This implicit regularization effect is analogous to the effect of stochasticity in small mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. We disentangle these two effects through controlled experiments. We then derive analytic simplifications which characterize each effect in terms of the derivatives of the model and the loss, for deep neural networks. We demonstrate these simplified, analytic regularizers accurately capture the important aspects of dropout, showing they faithfully replace dropout in practice. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"The Implicit and Explicit Regularization Effects of Dropout\" investigates the effects of dropout as a regularization technique, it does not explicitly focus on the flatness of the found minima. The study primarily disentangles and analyzes the explicit and implicit regularization effects of dropout, characterizing these effects in terms of model derivatives and loss. However, there is no clear indication in the abstract that the paper directly investigates how training factors (such as dropout or other factors) influence the flatness of the minima found during training. The user query specifically seeks studies that explore the relationship between training factors and the flatness of minima, which this paper does not explicitly address based on the provided abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the studies that utilized diffusion models for face morphing?\nTitle: Diffusion Autoencoders: Toward a Meaningful and Decodable Representation\nAbstract:  Abstract Diffusion probabilistic models (DPMs) have achieved remarkable quality in image generation that rivals GANs’. But unlike GANs, DPMs use a set of latent variables that lack semantic meaning and cannot serve as a useful representation for other tasks. This paper explores the possibility of using DPMs for representation learning and seeks to extract a meaningful and decodable representation of an input image via autoencoding. Our key idea is to use a learnable encoder for discovering the high-level semantics, and a DPM as the decoder for modeling the remaining stochastic variations. Our method can encode any image into a two-part latent code where the first part is semantically meaningful and linear, and the second part captures stochastic details, allowing near-exact reconstruction. This capability enables challenging applications that currently foil GAN-based methods, such as attribute manipulation on real images. We also show that this two-level encoding improves denoising efficiency and naturally facilitates various downstream tasks including few-shot conditional sampling. Please visit our page: https://Diff-AE.github.io/ ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Diffusion Autoencoders: Toward a Meaningful and Decodable Representation\"* does not specifically address the use of diffusion models for face morphing. While it discusses the use of diffusion probabilistic models (DPMs) for representation learning and applications such as attribute manipulation on real images, the abstract does not explicitly mention face morphing as a focus or application. Face morphing typically refers to the smooth transformation between two or more faces, which is not explicitly described in the abstract. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works on certifiably robust black-box ensembles?\nTitle: Boosting Barely Robust Learners: A New Perspective on Adversarial Robustness\nAbstract:  Abstract We present an oracle-efficient algorithm for boosting the adversarial robustness of barely robust learners. Barely robust learning algorithms learn predictors that are adversarially robust only on a small fraction β≪1much-less-than𝛽1\\beta\\ll 1 of the data distribution. Our proposed notion of barely robust learning requires robustness with respect to a “larger” perturbation set; which we show is necessary for strongly robust learning, and that weaker relaxations are not sufficient for strongly robust learning. Our results reveal a qualitative and quantitative equivalence between two seemingly unrelated problems: strongly robust learning and barely robust learning. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Boosting Barely Robust Learners: A New Perspective on Adversarial Robustness\" focuses on boosting the adversarial robustness of barely robust learners and explores the relationship between barely robust and strongly robust learning. However, it does not explicitly address \"certifiably robust black-box ensembles,\" which is the focus of the user query. The paper does not discuss black-box ensembles, certification of robustness, or methods specifically tailored to ensembles in the context of certifiable robustness. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works uses Rényi divergence in BCPO paradigm?\nTitle: Policy Optimization via Importance Sampling\nAbstract:  Abstract Policy optimization is an effective reinforcement learning approach to solve continuous control tasks. Recent achievements have shown that alternating online and offline optimization is a successful choice for efficient trajectory reuse. However, deciding when to stop optimizing and collect new trajectories is non-trivial, as it requires to account for the variance of the objective function estimate. In this paper, we propose a novel, model-free, policy search algorithm, POIS, applicable in both action-based and parameter-based settings. We first derive a high-confidence bound for importance sampling estimation; then we define a surrogate objective function, which is optimized offline whenever a new batch of trajectories is collected. Finally, the algorithm is tested on a selection of continuous control tasks, with both linear and deep policies, and compared with state-of-the-art policy optimization methods. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The abstract of the paper titled \"Policy Optimization via Importance Sampling\" does not mention the use of Rényi divergence or the BCPO (Bounded-Constrained Policy Optimization) paradigm. The paper focuses on deriving a high-confidence bound for importance sampling estimation and proposes a novel policy search algorithm (POIS). While it discusses policy optimization, trajectory reuse, and importance sampling, there is no indication that Rényi divergence is used or that the BCPO paradigm is explicitly addressed. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works have been conducted to support Person Re-identification (ReID) task in scenarios with changing environments, perspectives, and poses?\nTitle: Learning Image-Text Embeddings with Instance Loss\nAbstract:  Abstract Matching images and sentences demands a fine understanding of both modalities. In this paper, we propose a new system to discriminatively embed the image and text to a shared visual-textual space. In this field, most existing works apply the ranking loss to pull the positive image / text pairs close and push the negative pairs apart from each other. However, directly deploying the ranking loss is hard for network learning, since it starts from the two heterogeneous features to build inter-modal relationship. To address this problem, we propose the instance loss which explicitly considers the intra-modal data distribution. It is based on an unsupervised assumption that each image / text group can be viewed as a class. So the network can learn the fine granularity from every image/text group. The experiment shows that the instance loss offers better weight initialization for the ranking loss, so that more discriminative embeddings can be learned. Besides, existing works usually apply the off-the-shelf features, i.e., word2vec and fixed visual feature. So in a minor contribution, this paper constructs an end-to-end dual-path convolutional network to learn the image and text representations. End-to-end learning allows the system to directly learn from the data and fully utilize the supervision. On two generic retrieval datasets (Flickr30k and MSCOCO), experiments demonstrate that our method yields competitive accuracy compared to state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, in language based person retrieval, we improve the state of the art by a large margin. The code has been made publicly available. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on learning image-text embeddings using instance loss to improve the matching of images and text in a shared visual-textual space. While it mentions an application to language-based person retrieval and reports improvements in that domain, the paper does not explicitly address the Person Re-identification (ReID) task in scenarios involving changing environments, perspectives, and poses. ReID typically involves identifying the same person across different camera views or conditions, which requires addressing challenges like pose variations, environmental changes, and viewpoint differences. The abstract does not indicate that these specific challenges are tackled or that the proposed method is designed to handle such scenarios. Instead, the focus is on image-text retrieval and embedding learning."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works developing methods to fine-tune the CLIP encoder to better recognize regions?\nTitle: Extract Free Dense Labels from CLIP\nAbstract:  Abstract Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) has made a remarkable breakthrough in open-vocabulary zero-shot image recognition. Many recent studies leverage the pre-trained CLIP models for image-level classification and manipulation. In this paper, we wish examine the intrinsic potential of CLIP for pixel-level dense prediction, specifically in semantic segmentation. To this end, with minimal modification, we show that MaskCLIP yields compelling segmentation results on open concepts across various datasets in the absence of annotations and fine-tuning. By adding pseudo labeling and self-training, MaskCLIP+ surpasses SOTA transductive zero-shot semantic segmentation methods by large margins, e.g., mIoUs of unseen classes on PASCAL VOC/PASCAL Context/COCO Stuff are improved from 35.6/20.7/30.3 to 86.1/66.7/54.7. We also test the robustness of MaskCLIP under input corruption and evaluate its capability in discriminating fine-grained objects and novel concepts. Our finding suggests that MaskCLIP can serve as a new reliable source of supervision for dense prediction tasks to achieve annotation-free segmentation. Source code is available here. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper \"Extract Free Dense Labels from CLIP\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While it explores the potential of CLIP for pixel-level dense prediction tasks such as semantic segmentation, it specifically focuses on achieving these results without fine-tuning the CLIP encoder. The methods discussed, such as MaskCLIP and MaskCLIP+, rely on minimal modifications, pseudo-labeling, and self-training rather than fine-tuning the CLIP encoder itself. Therefore, the paper does not develop methods to fine-tune the CLIP encoder to better recognize regions, which is the core requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide some studies about compressing original data to a fixed dimension with neural autoencoders?\nTitle: Neural Distributed Source Coding\nAbstract:  Abstract Distributed source coding (DSC) is the task of encoding an input in the absence of correlated side information that is only available to the decoder. Remarkably, Slepian and Wolf showed in 1973 that an encoder without access to the side information can asymptotically achieve the same compression rate as when the side information is available to it. While there is vast prior work on this topic, practical DSC has been limited to synthetic datasets and specific correlation structures. Here we present a framework for lossy DSC that is agnostic to the correlation structure and can scale to high dimensions. Rather than relying on hand-crafted source modeling, our method utilizes a conditional Vector-Quantized Variational AutoEncoder (VQ-VAE) to learn the distributed encoder and decoder. We evaluate our method on multiple datasets and show that our method can handle complex correlations and achieves state-of-the-art PSNR. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Neural Distributed Source Coding\" focuses on distributed source coding (DSC), which involves encoding data in the absence of correlated side information at the encoder. While the paper utilizes a conditional Vector-Quantized Variational AutoEncoder (VQ-VAE) as part of its framework, the primary focus is on lossy distributed source coding and handling complex correlations in data, rather than specifically addressing the compression of original data to a fixed dimension using neural autoencoders. The query explicitly asks for studies about compressing original data to a fixed dimension, which is not the central topic or goal of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies have expanded the textual vocabulary with quantized image coordinates for image tasks using autoregressive modeling?\nTitle: A Unified Sequence Interface for Vision Tasks\nAbstract:  Abstract While language tasks are naturally expressed in a single, unified, modeling framework, i.e., generating sequences of tokens, this has not been the case in computer vision. As a result, there is a proliferation of distinct architectures and loss functions for different vision tasks. In this work we show that a diverse set of “core” computer vision tasks can also be unified if formulated in terms of a shared pixel-to-sequence interface. We focus on four tasks, namely, object detection, instance segmentation, keypoint detection, and image captioning, all with diverse types of outputs, e.g., bounding boxes or dense masks. Despite that, by formulating the output of each task as a sequence of discrete tokens with a unified interface, we show that one can train a neural network with a single model architecture and loss function on all these tasks, with no task-specific customization. To solve a specific task, we use a short prompt as task description, and the sequence output adapts to the prompt so it can produce task-specific output. We show that such a model can achieve competitive performance compared to well-established task-specific models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"A Unified Sequence Interface for Vision Tasks\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses unifying vision tasks by formulating their outputs as sequences of discrete tokens and training a neural network with a single architecture, it does not specifically mention expanding the textual vocabulary with quantized image coordinates for image tasks. Additionally, there is no explicit reference to the use of autoregressive modeling in this context. The focus of the paper is on unifying vision tasks through a shared pixel-to-sequence interface and not on the specific mechanism of expanding textual vocabulary with quantized image coordinates."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works applied regression in monocular mocap methods?\nTitle: Neural Descent for Visual 3D Human Pose and Shape\nAbstract:  Abstract We present deep neural network methodology to reconstruct the 3d pose and shape of people, including hand gestures and facial expression, given an input RGB image. We rely on a recently introduced, expressive full body statistical 3d human model, GHUM, trained end-to-end, and learn to reconstruct its pose and shape state in a self-supervised regime. Central to our methodology, is a learning to learn and optimize approach, referred to as HUman Neural Descent (HUND), which avoids both second-order differentiation when training the model parameters, and expensive state gradient descent in order to accurately minimize a semantic differentiable rendering loss at test time. Instead, we rely on novel recurrent stages to update the pose and shape parameters such that not only losses are minimized effectively, but the process is meta-regularized in order to ensure end-progress. HUND’s symmetry between training and testing makes it the first 3d human sensing architecture to natively support different operating regimes including self-supervised ones. In diverse tests, we show that HUND achieves very competitive results in datasets like H3.6M and 3DPW, as well as good quality 3d reconstructions for complex imagery collected in-the-wild. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Neural Descent for Visual 3D Human Pose and Shape\" does not explicitly mention the application of regression in monocular motion capture (mocap) methods. While it introduces a novel approach called HUman Neural Descent (HUND) for reconstructing 3D pose and shape from monocular RGB images, the methodology focuses on a self-supervised learning and optimization framework rather than explicitly applying regression techniques. The paper emphasizes recurrent updates and meta-regularization to optimize pose and shape parameters, but it does not describe the use of regression as a core component of its approach. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works formalize the FHA problem mathematically?\nTitle: TOHAN: A One-step Approach towards Few-shot Hypothesis Adaptation\nAbstract:  Abstract In few-shot domain adaptation (FDA), classifiers for the target domain are trained with accessible labeled data in the source domain (SD) and few labeled data in the target domain (TD). However, data usually contain private information in the current era, e.g., data distributed on personal phones. Thus, the private data will be leaked if we directly access data in SD to train a target-domain classifier (required by FDA methods). In this paper, to prevent privacy leakage in SD, we consider a very challenging problem setting, where the classifier for the TD has to be trained using few labeled target data and a well-trained SD classifier, named few-shot hypothesis adaptation (FHA). In FHA, we cannot access data in SD, as a result, the private information in SD will be protected well. To this end, we propose a target-oriented hypothesis adaptation network (TOHAN) to solve the FHA problem, where we generate highly-compatible unlabeled data (i.e., an intermediate domain) to help train a target-domain classifier. TOHAN maintains two deep networks simultaneously, in which one focuses on learning an intermediate domain and the other takes care of the intermediate-to-target distributional adaptation and the target-risk minimization. Experimental results show that TOHAN outperforms competitive baselines significantly.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"TOHAN: A One-step Approach towards Few-shot Hypothesis Adaptation\" introduces the FHA problem and proposes a solution using the TOHAN framework. However, while the abstract describes the problem setting and the proposed method, it does not explicitly mention a formal mathematical formulation of the FHA problem. The focus is on the methodology and experimental results rather than providing a detailed mathematical formalization of the FHA problem itself. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user query, which specifically asks for works that formalize the FHA problem mathematically."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discuss the self-training methodology in semi-supervised learning?\nTitle: ReMixMatch: Semi-Supervised Learning with Distribution Alignment and Augmentation Anchoring\nAbstract:  Abstract We improve the recently-proposed “MixMatch” semi-supervised learning algorithm by introducing two new techniques: distribution alignment and augmentation anchoring. Distribution alignment encourages the marginal distribution of predictions on unlabeled data to be close to the marginal distribution of ground-truth labels. Augmentation anchoring feeds multiple strongly augmented versions of an input into the model and encourages each output to be close to the prediction for a weakly-augmented version of the same input. To produce strong augmentations, we propose a variant of AutoAugment which learns the augmentation policy while the model is being trained. Our new algorithm, dubbed ReMixMatch, is significantly more data-efficient than prior work, requiring between 5×5\\times and 16×16\\times less data to reach the same accuracy. For example, on CIFAR-10 with 250 labeled examples we reach 93.73%percent93.7393.73\\% accuracy (compared to MixMatch’s accuracy of 93.58%percent93.5893.58\\% with 4,00040004{,}000 examples) and a median accuracy of 84.92%percent84.9284.92\\% with just four labels per class. We make our code and data open-source at https://github.com/google-research/remixmatch. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"ReMixMatch: Semi-Supervised Learning with Distribution Alignment and Augmentation Anchoring\" focuses on improving semi-supervised learning through techniques like distribution alignment and augmentation anchoring. While it discusses semi-supervised learning, it does not explicitly focus on or discuss the self-training methodology, which typically involves a model training itself iteratively by labeling its own unlabeled data and using those pseudo-labels for further training. The methods proposed in this paper, such as distribution alignment and augmentation anchoring, are distinct from self-training, and there is no indication in the abstract that self-training is a central topic of the paper. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work proposed the concept of eluder dimension in function approximation?\nTitle: Model-based Reinforcement Learning and the Eluder Dimension\nAbstract:  Abstract We consider the problem of learning to optimize an unknown Markov decision process (MDP). We show that, if the MDP can be parameterized within some known function class, we can obtain regret bounds that scale with the dimensionality, rather than cardinality, of the system. We characterize this dependence explicitly as O~​(dK​dE​T)~𝑂subscript𝑑𝐾subscript𝑑𝐸𝑇\\tilde{O}(\\sqrt{d_{K}d_{E}T}) where T𝑇T is time elapsed, dKsubscript𝑑𝐾d_{K} is the Kolmogorov dimension and dEsubscript𝑑𝐸d_{E} is the eluder dimension. These represent the first unified regret bounds for model-based reinforcement learning and provide state of the art guarantees in several important settings. Moreover, we present a simple and computationally efficient algorithm posterior sampling for reinforcement learning (PSRL) that satisfies these bounds. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled *\"Model-based Reinforcement Learning and the Eluder Dimension,\"* does not propose the concept of the eluder dimension in function approximation. Instead, it utilizes the concept of the eluder dimension to derive regret bounds for reinforcement learning. The abstract explicitly mentions the eluder dimension as part of its analysis but does not claim to introduce or propose the concept. Therefore, while the paper discusses and applies the eluder dimension, it does not satisfy the user's query, which specifically asks for the work that originally proposed the concept."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works minimize the quantization error between a latent weight and its binary variant in binary neural networks (BNNs)?\nTitle: XNOR-Net: ImageNet Classification Using Binary Convolutional Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose two efficient approximations to standard convolutional neural networks: Binary-Weight-Networks and XNOR-Networks. In Binary-Weight-Networks, the filters are approximated with binary values resulting in 32×32\\times memory saving. In XNOR-Networks, both the filters and the input to convolutional layers are binary. XNOR-Networks approximate convolutions using primarily binary operations. This results in 58×58\\times faster convolutional operations (in terms of number of the high precision operations) and 32×32\\times memory savings. XNOR-Nets offer the possibility of running state-of-the-art networks on CPUs (rather than GPUs) in real-time. Our binary networks are simple, accurate, efficient, and work on challenging visual tasks. We evaluate our approach on the ImageNet classification task. The classification accuracy with a Binary-Weight-Network version of AlexNet is the same as the full-precision AlexNet. We compare our method with recent network binarization methods, BinaryConnect and BinaryNets, and outperform these methods by large margins on ImageNet, more than 16%percent1616\\% in top-1 accuracy. Our code is available at: http://allenai.org/plato/xnornet. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"XNOR-Net: ImageNet Classification Using Binary Convolutional Neural Networks\" discusses binary neural networks (BNNs) and proposes methods for binarizing weights and inputs to achieve efficiency in memory and computation, it does not explicitly focus on minimizing the quantization error between a latent weight and its binary variant. The primary focus of the paper is on achieving efficient approximations and improving performance on tasks like ImageNet classification, rather than directly addressing or optimizing the quantization error. The user query specifically asks for works that minimize the quantization error, which is not the central theme of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discuss methods for backpropagating image-space photometric error in relation to 3D scene representations?\nTitle: RenderNet: A deep convolutional network for differentiable rendering from 3D shapes\nAbstract:  Abstract Traditional computer graphics rendering pipelines are designed for procedurally generating 2D images from 3D shapes with high performance. The non-differentiability due to discrete operations (such as visibility computation) makes it hard to explicitly correlate rendering parameters and the resulting image, posing a significant challenge for inverse rendering tasks. Recent work on differentiable rendering achieves differentiability either by designing surrogate gradients for non-differentiable operations or via an approximate but differentiable renderer. These methods, however, are still limited when it comes to handling occlusion, and restricted to particular rendering effects. We present RenderNet, a differentiable rendering convolutional network with a novel projection unit that can render 2D images from 3D shapes. Spatial occlusion and shading calculation are automatically encoded in the network. Our experiments show that RenderNet can successfully learn to implement different shaders, and can be used in inverse rendering tasks to estimate shape, pose, lighting and texture from a single image. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"RenderNet: A deep convolutional network for differentiable rendering from 3D shapes\" discusses differentiable rendering and its application to inverse rendering tasks, it does not explicitly focus on backpropagating image-space photometric error in relation to 3D scene representations. The abstract mentions the use of a differentiable rendering network and its ability to estimate shape, pose, lighting, and texture, but it does not specifically address methods for handling photometric error in the image space or its backpropagation in the context of 3D scene representations. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide studies which adopted differential point rendering technique for scene reconstructions?\nTitle: Flexible Techniques for Differentiable Rendering with 3D Gaussians\nAbstract:  Abstract Fast, reliable shape reconstruction is an essential ingredient in many computer vision applications. Neural Radiance Fields demonstrated that photorealistic novel view synthesis is within reach, but was gated by performance requirements for fast reconstruction of real scenes and objects. Several recent approaches have built on alternative shape representations, in particular, 3D Gaussians. We develop extensions to these renderers, such as integrating differentiable optical flow, exporting watertight meshes and rendering per-ray normals. Additionally, we show how two of the recent methods are interoperable with each other. These reconstructions are quick, robust, and easily performed on GPU or CPU. For code and visual examples, see https://leonidk.github.io/fmb-plus. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on differentiable rendering techniques using 3D Gaussians for scene reconstruction, but it does not explicitly mention adopting a \"differential point rendering\" technique. While the paper discusses extensions to differentiable rendering and alternative shape representations, such as 3D Gaussians, it does not provide evidence that differential point rendering is specifically used or explored. The user query specifically asks for studies adopting differential point rendering, and this paper does not fully satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers talk about a dropping-while-training method in Switch Transformers models?\nTitle: Switch Transformers: Scaling to Trillion Parameter Models with Simple and Efficient Sparsity\nAbstract:  Abstract In deep learning, models typically reuse the same parameters for all inputs. Mixture of Experts (MoE) models defy this and instead select different parameters for each incoming example. The result is a sparsely-activated model—with an outrageous number of parameters—but a constant computational cost. However, despite several notable successes of MoE, widespread adoption has been hindered by complexity, communication costs, and training instability. We address these with the introduction of the Switch Transformer. We simplify the MoE routing algorithm and design intuitive improved models with reduced communication and computational costs. Our proposed training techniques mitigate the instabilities, and we show large sparse models may be trained, for the first time, with lower precision (bfloat16) formats. We design models based off T5-Base and T5-Large (Raffel et al., 2019) to obtain up to 7x increases in pre-training speed with the same computational resources. These improvements extend into multilingual settings where we measure gains over the mT5-Base version across all 101 languages. Finally, we advance the current scale of language models by pre-training up to trillion parameter models on the “Colossal Clean Crawled Corpus”, and achieve a 4x speedup over the T5-XXL model.111JAX code for Switch Transformer and all model checkpoints are available at https://github.com/google-research/t5x222Tensorflow code for Switch Transformer is available at https://github.com/tensorflow/mesh/blob/master/mesh_tensorflow/transformer/moe.py ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The abstract of the paper \"Switch Transformers: Scaling to Trillion Parameter Models with Simple and Efficient Sparsity\" does not explicitly mention or describe a \"dropping-while-training\" method in Switch Transformer models. While the paper discusses improvements in training techniques, simplifications of the Mixture of Experts (MoE) routing algorithm, and mitigation of training instabilities, there is no direct reference to a method involving \"dropping\" components or parameters during training. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers discuss the task of music recommendation based on video attributes?\nTitle: Audio-Visual Embedding for Cross-Modal Music Video Retrieval through Supervised Deep CCA\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep learning has successfully shown excellent performance in learning joint representations between different data modalities. Unfortunately, little research focuses on cross-modal correlation learning where temporal structures of different data modalities, such as audio and video, should be taken into account. Music video retrieval by a given musical audio is a natural way to search and interact with music contents. In this work, we study cross-modal music video retrieval in terms of emotion similarity. Particularly, an audio of an arbitrary length is used to retrieve a longer or full-length music video. To this end, we propose a novel audio-visual embedding algorithm by Supervised Deep Canonical Correlation Analysis (S-DCCA) that projects audio and video into a shared space to bridge the semantic gap between audio and video. This also preserves the similarity among audio and visual contents from different videos with the same class label and the temporal structure. The contribution of our approach is mainly manifested in the two aspects: i) We propose to select top k audio chunks by attention-based Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model, which can represent good audio summarization with local properties. ii) We propose an end-to-end deep model for cross-modal audio-visual learning where S-DCCA is trained to learn the semantic correlation between audio and visual modalities. Due to the lack of music video dataset, we construct 10K music video dataset from YouTube 8M dataset. Some promising results such as MAP and precision-recall show that our proposed model can be applied to music video retrieval. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on the task of cross-modal music video retrieval, where the goal is to retrieve music videos based on audio inputs using a shared embedding space for audio and video modalities. While the paper discusses the relationship between audio and video attributes, it does not address the task of music recommendation based on video attributes. Music recommendation typically involves suggesting music to users based on certain attributes or preferences, whereas this paper is centered on retrieval tasks rather than recommendation systems. Additionally, the paper does not explicitly explore video attributes as a basis for recommending music."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research works demonstrate the use of binary-tree mechanism for weighted sums and graph statistics?\nTitle: Differentially Private Algorithms for Graphs Under Continual Observation\nAbstract:  Abstract Differentially private algorithms protect individuals in data analysis scenarios by ensuring that there is only a weak correlation between the existence of the user in the data and the result of the analysis. Dynamic graph algorithms maintain the solution to a problem (e.g., a matching) on an evolving input, i.e., a graph where nodes or edges are inserted or deleted over time. They output the value of the solution after each update operation, i.e., continuously. We study (event-level and user-level) differentially private algorithms for graph problems under continual observation, i.e., differentially private dynamic graph algorithms. We present event-level private algorithms for partially dynamic counting-based problems such as triangle count that improve the additive error by a polynomial factor (in the length T𝑇T of the update sequence) on the state of the art, resulting in the first algorithms with additive error polylogarithmic in T𝑇T. We also give ε𝜀\\varepsilon-differentially private and partially dynamic algorithms for minimum spanning tree, minimum cut, densest subgraph, and maximum matching. The additive error of our improved MST algorithm is O​(W​log3/2⁡T/ε)𝑂𝑊superscript32𝑇𝜀O(W\\log^{3/2}T/\\varepsilon), where W𝑊W is the maximum weight of any edge, which, as we show, is tight up to a (log⁡T/ε)𝑇𝜀(\\sqrt{\\log T}/\\varepsilon)-factor. For the other problems, we present a partially-dynamic algorithm with multiplicative error (1+β)1𝛽(1+\\beta) for any constant β>0𝛽0\\beta>0 and additive error O​(W​log⁡(n​W)​log⁡(T)/(ε​β))𝑂𝑊𝑛𝑊𝑇𝜀𝛽O(W\\log(nW)\\log(T)/(\\varepsilon\\beta)). Finally, we show that the additive error for a broad class of dynamic graph algorithms with user-level privacy must be linear in the value of the output solution’s range. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on differentially private algorithms for dynamic graph problems under continual observation, such as triangle counting, minimum spanning tree, minimum cut, densest subgraph, and maximum matching. While it discusses techniques for improving the accuracy of these algorithms and provides error bounds, there is no explicit mention of the use of a **binary-tree mechanism** for computing **weighted sums** or **graph statistics**. The binary-tree mechanism is a specific technique often used in differential privacy for efficient and accurate computation of cumulative sums or statistics, but this paper does not explicitly describe or utilize such a mechanism. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works present video editing methods that use layered neural atlas as an intermediate editing representation?\nTitle: VidEdit: Zero-shot and Spatially Aware Text-driven Video Editing\nAbstract:  Abstract Recently, diffusion-based generative models have achieved remarkable success for image generation and edition. However, their use for video editing still faces important limitations. This paper introduces VidEdit, a novel method for zero-shot text-based video editing ensuring strong temporal and spatial consistency. Firstly, we propose to combine atlas-based and pre-trained text-to-image diffusion models to provide a training-free and efficient editing method, which by design fulfills temporal smoothness. Secondly, we leverage off-the-shelf panoptic segmenters along with edge detectors and adapt their use for conditioned diffusion-based atlas editing. This ensures a fine spatial control on targeted regions while strictly preserving the structure of the original video. Quantitative and qualitative experiments show that VidEdit outperforms state-of-the-art methods on DAVIS dataset, regarding semantic faithfulness, image preservation, and temporal consistency metrics. With this framework, processing a single video only takes approximately one minute, and it can generate multiple compatible edits based on a unique text prompt. Project Page: https://videdit.github.io ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"VidEdit: Zero-shot and Spatially Aware Text-driven Video Editing\" introduces a video editing method that combines atlas-based approaches and diffusion models, it does not explicitly mention the use of a **layered neural atlas** as an intermediate editing representation. The paper discusses the use of atlas-based editing in conjunction with panoptic segmenters and edge detectors for spatial control and temporal consistency, but there is no indication that the atlas is specifically a **layered neural atlas**. The user query specifically asks for works that use a **layered neural atlas**, and this distinction is not satisfied in the provided abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: What related work is there on the topics of distillation, quantization, and pruning for LLMs?\nTitle: MiniLM: Deep Self-Attention Distillation for Task-Agnostic Compression of Pre-Trained Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract Pre-trained language models (e.g., BERT (Devlin et al., 2018) and its variants) have achieved remarkable success in varieties of NLP tasks. However, these models usually consist of hundreds of millions of parameters which brings challenges for fine-tuning and online serving in real-life applications due to latency and capacity constraints. In this work, we present a simple and effective approach to compress large Transformer (Vaswani et al., 2017) based pre-trained models, termed as deep self-attention distillation. The small model (student) is trained by deeply mimicking the self-attention module, which plays a vital role in Transformer networks, of the large model (teacher). Specifically, we propose distilling the self-attention module of the last Transformer layer of the teacher, which is effective and flexible for the student. Furthermore, we introduce the scaled dot-product between values in the self-attention module as the new deep self-attention knowledge, in addition to the attention distributions (i.e., the scaled dot-product of queries and keys) that have been used in existing works. Moreover, we show that introducing a teacher assistant (Mirzadeh et al., 2019) also helps the distillation of large pre-trained Transformer models. Experimental results demonstrate that our monolingual model111The code and models are publicly available at https://aka.ms/minilm. outperforms state-of-the-art baselines in different parameter size of student models. In particular, it retains more than 99%percent9999\\% accuracy on SQuAD 2.0 and several GLUE benchmark tasks using 50%percent5050\\% of the Transformer parameters and computations of the teacher model. We also obtain competitive results in applying deep self-attention distillation to multilingual pre-trained models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"MiniLM: Deep Self-Attention Distillation for Task-Agnostic Compression of Pre-Trained Transformers\" focuses on distillation, which is one of the topics mentioned in the user query, it does not address the other two topics: quantization and pruning. The user query explicitly asks for related work on all three topics (distillation, quantization, and pruning) for large language models (LLMs). Since the paper only discusses distillation and does not cover quantization or pruning, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: In which paper the researcher formulate classic MAML as BLO problem?\nTitle: Meta-Learning with Implicit Gradients\nAbstract:  Abstract A core capability of intelligent systems is the ability to quickly learn new tasks by drawing on prior experience. Gradient (or optimization) based meta-learning has recently emerged as an effective approach for few-shot learning. In this formulation, meta-parameters are learned in the outer loop, while task-specific models are learned in the inner-loop, by using only a small amount of data from the current task. A key challenge in scaling these approaches is the need to differentiate through the inner loop learning process, which can impose considerable computational and memory burdens. By drawing upon implicit differentiation, we develop the implicit MAML algorithm, which depends only on the solution to the inner level optimization and not the path taken by the inner loop optimizer. This effectively decouples the meta-gradient computation from the choice of inner loop optimizer. As a result, our approach is agnostic to the choice of inner loop optimizer and can gracefully handle many gradient steps without vanishing gradients or memory constraints. Theoretically, we prove that implicit MAML can compute accurate meta-gradients with a memory footprint no more than that which is required to compute a single inner loop gradient and at no overall increase in the total computational cost. Experimentally, we show that these benefits of implicit MAML translate into empirical gains on few-shot image recognition benchmarks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Meta-Learning with Implicit Gradients,\" focuses on introducing the implicit MAML algorithm, which leverages implicit differentiation to improve computational and memory efficiency in meta-learning. While it discusses MAML (Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning) and its optimization framework, the paper does not explicitly formulate the classic MAML as a bi-level optimization (BLO) problem. The user's query specifically asks for a paper that formulates classic MAML as a BLO problem, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement. Instead, it builds upon MAML and proposes improvements, but does not explicitly address the formulation of MAML as a BLO problem."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide references about transformer-based trackers?\nTitle: Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer using Shifted Windows\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper presents a new vision Transformer, called Swin Transformer, that capably serves as a general-purpose backbone for computer vision. Challenges in adapting Transformer from language to vision arise from differences between the two domains, such as large variations in the scale of visual entities and the high resolution of pixels in images compared to words in text. To address these differences, we propose a hierarchical Transformer whose representation is computed with Shifted windows. The shifted windowing scheme brings greater efficiency by limiting self-attention computation to non-overlapping local windows while also allowing for cross-window connection. This hierarchical architecture has the flexibility to model at various scales and has linear computational complexity with respect to image size. These qualities of Swin Transformer make it compatible with a broad range of vision tasks, including image classification (87.3 top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K) and dense prediction tasks such as object detection (58.7 box AP and 51.1 mask AP on COCO test-dev) and semantic segmentation (53.5 mIoU on ADE20K val). Its performance surpasses the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin of +2.7 box AP and +2.6 mask AP on COCO, and +3.2 mIoU on ADE20K, demonstrating the potential of Transformer-based models as vision backbones. The hierarchical design and the shifted window approach also prove beneficial for all-MLP architectures. The code and models are publicly available at https://github.com/microsoft/Swin-Transformer. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer using Shifted Windows,\" primarily focuses on the development of the Swin Transformer as a general-purpose backbone for computer vision tasks such as image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation. While it discusses the use of Transformers in vision and introduces innovations like the shifted windowing scheme, the paper does not specifically address or focus on transformer-based trackers, which are typically used in tasks like object tracking. The user query explicitly asks for references about transformer-based trackers, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies have proposed optimization of 3D models using text-based guidance?\nTitle: Score Jacobian Chaining: Lifting Pretrained 2D Diffusion Models for 3D Generation\nAbstract: A diffusion model learns to predict a vector field of gradients. We propose to apply chain rule on the learned gradients, and back-propagate the score of a diffusion model through the Jacobian of a differentiable renderer, which we instantiate to be a voxel radiance field. This setup aggregates 2D scores at multiple camera viewpoints into a 3D score, and repurposes a pretrained 2D model for 3D data generation. We identify a technical challenge of distribution mismatch that arises in this application, and propose a novel estimation mechanism to resolve it. We run our algorithm on several off-the-shelf diffusion image generative models, including the recently released Stable Diffusion trained on the large-scale LAION dataset.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Score Jacobian Chaining: Lifting Pretrained 2D Diffusion Models for 3D Generation,\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses the optimization of 3D models by leveraging pretrained 2D diffusion models and a differentiable renderer, it does not explicitly mention the use of *text-based guidance* for this optimization. The focus is on aggregating 2D scores from multiple viewpoints into a 3D score for 3D data generation, but there is no clear indication that text-based guidance is employed as a mechanism in this process. The user query specifically asks for studies that optimize 3D models using text-based guidance, which is not addressed in the abstract of the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about global ε-optimal policy using sample complexity for soft-max policy parameterization?\nTitle: On the Convergence and Sample Efficiency of Variance-Reduced Policy Gradient Method\nAbstract:  Abstract Policy gradient (PG) gives rise to a rich class of reinforcement learning (RL) methods. Recently, there has been an emerging trend to accelerate the existing PG methods such as REINFORCE by the variance reduction techniques. However, all existing variance-reduced PG methods heavily rely on an uncheckable importance weight assumption made for every single iteration of the algorithms. In this paper, a simple gradient truncation mechanism is proposed to address this issue. Moreover, we design a Truncated Stochastic Incremental Variance-Reduced Policy Gradient (TSIVR-PG) method, which is able to maximize not only a cumulative sum of rewards but also a general utility function over a policy’s long-term visiting distribution. We show an 𝒪~​(ϵ−3)~𝒪superscriptitalic-ϵ3\\tilde{\\mathcal{O}}(\\epsilon^{-3}) sample complexity for TSIVR-PG to find an ϵitalic-ϵ\\epsilon-stationary policy. By assuming the overparameterizaiton of policy and exploiting the hidden convexity of the problem, we further show that TSIVR-PG converges to global ϵitalic-ϵ\\epsilon-optimal policy with 𝒪~​(ϵ−2)~𝒪superscriptitalic-ϵ2\\tilde{\\mathcal{O}}(\\epsilon^{-2}) samples. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper discusses global ε-optimal policy and provides sample complexity results, it does not specifically focus on soft-max policy parameterization, as required by the user query. The paper primarily introduces a variance-reduced policy gradient method (TSIVR-PG) and explores its convergence and sample efficiency under certain assumptions, including overparameterization and hidden convexity. However, there is no explicit mention or detailed focus on soft-max policy parameterization, which is a key requirement of the user's query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers develop techniques for strengthening LP-based relaxations in conservative methods for robustness certification?\nTitle: Evaluating the Robustness of Neural Networks: An Extreme Value Theory Approach\nAbstract:  Abstract The robustness of neural networks to adversarial examples has received great attention due to security implications. Despite various attack approaches to crafting visually imperceptible adversarial examples, little has been developed towards a comprehensive measure of robustness. In this paper, we provide a theoretical justification for converting robustness analysis into a local Lipschitz constant estimation problem, and propose to use the Extreme Value Theory for efficient evaluation. Our analysis yields a novel robustness metric called CLEVER, which is short for Cross Lipschitz Extreme Value for nEtwork Robustness. The proposed CLEVER score is attack-agnostic and computationally feasible for large neural networks. Experimental results on various networks, including ResNet, Inception-v3 and MobileNet, show that (i) CLEVER is aligned with the robustness indication measured by the ℓ2subscriptℓ2\\ell_{2} and ℓ∞subscriptℓ\\ell_{\\infty} norms of adversarial examples from powerful attacks, and (ii) defended networks using defensive distillation or bounded ReLU indeed achieve better CLEVER scores. To the best of our knowledge, CLEVER is the first attack-independent robustness metric that can be applied to any neural network classifier. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Evaluating the Robustness of Neural Networks: An Extreme Value Theory Approach\" does not satisfy the requirements of the user query. The paper focuses on developing a robustness metric called CLEVER, which uses Extreme Value Theory to estimate local Lipschitz constants for evaluating the robustness of neural networks. While it provides a novel attack-agnostic robustness evaluation method, it does not discuss or develop techniques for strengthening LP-based relaxations or conservative methods for robustness certification. The user query specifically asks for papers that address LP-based relaxations in the context of robustness certification, which is not the focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which benchmark contains data from Chinese College Entrance Exam, lawyer qualification test and civil service examination?\nTitle: AGIEval: A Human-Centric Benchmark for Evaluating Foundation Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Evaluating the general abilities of foundation models to tackle human-level tasks is a vital aspect of their development and application in the pursuit of Artificial General Intelligence (AGI). Traditional benchmarks, which rely on artificial datasets, may not accurately represent human-level capabilities. In this paper, we introduce AGIEval, a novel benchmark specifically designed to assess foundation model in the context of human-centric standardized exams, such as college entrance exams, law school admission tests, math competitions, and lawyer qualification tests. We evaluate several state-of-the-art foundation models, including GPT-4, ChatGPT, and Text-Davinci-003, using this benchmark. Impressively, GPT-4 surpasses average human performance on SAT, LSAT, and math competitions, attaining a 95% accuracy rate on the SAT Math test and a 92.5% accuracy on the English test of the Chinese national college entrance exam. This demonstrates the extraordinary performance of contemporary foundation models. In contrast, we also find that GPT-4 is less proficient in tasks that require complex reasoning or specific domain knowledge. Our comprehensive analyses of model capabilities (understanding, knowledge, reasoning, and calculation) reveal these models’ strengths and limitations, providing valuable insights into future directions for enhancing their general capabilities. By concentrating on tasks pertinent to human cognition and decision-making, our benchmark delivers a more meaningful and robust evaluation of foundation models’ performance in real-world scenarios111The data, code, and all model outputs are released in https://github.com/ruixiangcui/AGIEval. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper on AGIEval mentions that the benchmark includes data from the Chinese national college entrance exam and lawyer qualification tests, it does not explicitly state that it includes data from the civil service examination. The user query specifically requires a benchmark that contains data from all three sources: the Chinese College Entrance Exam, lawyer qualification test, and civil service examination. Since the abstract does not confirm the inclusion of the civil service examination, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works attempt to identify the sparsity patterns of the network before training?\nTitle: Deformable Butterfly: A Highly Structured and Sparse Linear Transform\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce a new kind of linear transform named Deformable Butterfly (DeBut) that generalizes the conventional butterfly matrices and can be adapted to various input-output dimensions. It inherits the fine-to-coarse-grained learnable hierarchy of traditional butterflies and when deployed to neural networks, the prominent structures and sparsity in a DeBut layer constitutes a new way for network compression. We apply DeBut as a drop-in replacement of standard fully connected and convolutional layers, and demonstrate its superiority in homogenizing a neural network and rendering it favorable properties such as light weight and low inference complexity, without compromising accuracy. The natural complexity-accuracy tradeoff arising from the myriad deformations of a DeBut layer also opens up new rooms for analytical and practical research. The codes and Appendix are publicly available at: https://github.com/ruilin0212/DeBut. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Deformable Butterfly: A Highly Structured and Sparse Linear Transform\" primarily focuses on introducing a new type of linear transform, the Deformable Butterfly (DeBut), which incorporates structured sparsity and is used for network compression and efficiency. While the paper discusses the sparsity and structure of the DeBut layer, it does not explicitly address methods or works that attempt to identify sparsity patterns of the network *before training*. Instead, the sparsity in the DeBut layer arises from its inherent design and hierarchical structure, not from a pre-training analysis of sparsity patterns. The user query specifically seeks works that identify sparsity patterns prior to training, which this paper does not directly address."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers demonstrate the successful use of BERT and GPT in large language models?\nTitle: Language Models are Few-Shot Learners\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent work has demonstrated substantial gains on many NLP tasks and benchmarks by pre-training on a large corpus of text followed by fine-tuning on a specific task. While typically task-agnostic in architecture, this method still requires task-specific fine-tuning datasets of thousands or tens of thousands of examples. By contrast, humans can generally perform a new language task from only a few examples or from simple instructions – something which current NLP systems still largely struggle to do. Here we show that scaling up language models greatly improves task-agnostic, few-shot performance, sometimes even reaching competitiveness with prior state-of-the-art fine-tuning approaches. Specifically, we train GPT-3, an autoregressive language model with 175 billion parameters, 10x more than any previous non-sparse language model, and test its performance in the few-shot setting. For all tasks, GPT-3 is applied without any gradient updates or fine-tuning, with tasks and few-shot demonstrations specified purely via text interaction with the model. GPT-3 achieves strong performance on many NLP datasets, including translation, question-answering, and cloze tasks, as well as several tasks that require on-the-fly reasoning or domain adaptation, such as unscrambling words, using a novel word in a sentence, or performing 3-digit arithmetic. At the same time, we also identify some datasets where GPT-3’s few-shot learning still struggles, as well as some datasets where GPT-3 faces methodological issues related to training on large web corpora. Finally, we find that GPT-3 can generate samples of news articles which human evaluators have difficulty distinguishing from articles written by humans. We discuss broader societal impacts of this finding and of GPT-3 in general. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Language Models are Few-Shot Learners\"* focuses exclusively on GPT-3, a large language model based on the GPT architecture. While it demonstrates the successful use of GPT in large language models, it does not discuss or demonstrate the use of BERT. The user query specifically asks for papers that demonstrate the successful use of both BERT and GPT in large language models. Since this paper does not address BERT, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide some studies on text-guided image synthesis using DMs?\nTitle: Score-Based Generative Modeling with Critically-Damped Langevin Diffusion\nAbstract:  Abstract Score-based generative models (SGMs) have demonstrated remarkable synthesis quality. SGMs rely on a diffusion process that gradually perturbs the data towards a tractable distribution, while the generative model learns to denoise. The complexity of this denoising task is, apart from the data distribution itself, uniquely determined by the diffusion process. We argue that current SGMs employ overly simplistic diffusions, leading to unnecessarily complex denoising processes, which limit generative modeling performance. Based on connections to statistical mechanics, we propose a novel critically-damped Langevin diffusion (CLD) and show that CLD-based SGMs achieve superior performance. CLD can be interpreted as running a joint diffusion in an extended space, where the auxiliary variables can be considered “velocities” that are coupled to the data variables as in Hamiltonian dynamics. We derive a novel score matching objective for CLD and show that the model only needs to learn the score function of the conditional distribution of the velocity given data, an easier task than learning scores of the data directly. We also derive a new sampling scheme for efficient synthesis from CLD-based diffusion models. We find that CLD outperforms previous SGMs in synthesis quality for similar network architectures and sampling compute budgets. We show that our novel sampler for CLD significantly outperforms solvers such as Euler–Maruyama. Our framework provides new insights into score-based denoising diffusion models and can be readily used for high-resolution image synthesis. Project page and code: https://nv-tlabs.github.io/CLD-SGM. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"Score-Based Generative Modeling with Critically-Damped Langevin Diffusion\" focuses on improving the performance of score-based generative models (SGMs) by introducing a novel diffusion process called Critically-Damped Langevin Diffusion (CLD). While the paper discusses advancements in diffusion models and their application to high-resolution image synthesis, it does not specifically address *text-guided* image synthesis. The user query explicitly requests studies on text-guided image synthesis using diffusion models, which involves generating images conditioned on textual input. The searched paper does not mention or explore the integration of text guidance in the image synthesis process, making it irrelevant to the specific requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What is a recent variant that combines score matching with CNFs?\nTitle: Diffusion Normalizing Flow\nAbstract: We present a novel generative modeling method called diffusion normalizing flow based on stochastic differential equations (SDEs). The algorithm consists of two neural SDEs: a forward SDE that gradually adds noise to the data to transform the data into Gaussian random noise, and a backward SDE that gradually removes the noise to sample from the data distribution. By jointly training the two neural SDEs to minimize a common cost function that quantifies the difference between the two, the backward SDE converges to a diffusion process the starts with a Gaussian distribution and ends with the desired data distribution. Our method is closely related to normalizing flow and diffusion probabilistic models and can be viewed as a combination of the two. Compared with normalizing flow, diffusion normalizing flow is able to learn distributions with sharp boundaries. Compared with diffusion probabilistic models, diffusion normalizing flow requires fewer discretization steps and thus has better sampling efficiency. Our algorithm demonstrates competitive performance in both high-dimension data density estimation and image generation tasks.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Diffusion Normalizing Flow\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper introduces a novel generative modeling method that combines aspects of diffusion probabilistic models and normalizing flows (CNFs), it does not explicitly mention or focus on the use of **score matching** in combination with CNFs. The user query specifically asks for a recent variant that combines score matching with CNFs, and while the paper discusses neural SDEs and their relationship to normalizing flows, it does not explicitly address score matching as a core component of the method. Therefore, the paper does not fully align with the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide some research papers about multi-task offline RL algorithms that use data filtering from datasets collected from multiple tasks?\nTitle: MT-Opt: Continuous Multi-Task Robotic Reinforcement Learning at Scale\nAbstract:  Abstract General-purpose robotic systems must master a large repertoire of diverse skills to be useful in a range of daily tasks. While reinforcement learning provides a powerful framework for acquiring individual behaviors, the time needed to acquire each skill makes the prospect of a generalist robot trained with RL daunting. In this paper, we study how a large-scale collective robotic learning system can acquire a repertoire of behaviors simultaneously, sharing exploration, experience, and representations across tasks. In this framework new tasks can be continuously instantiated from previously learned tasks improving overall performance and capabilities of the system. To instantiate this system, we develop a scalable and intuitive framework for specifying new tasks through user-provided examples of desired outcomes, devise a multi-robot collective learning system for data collection that simultaneously collects experience for multiple tasks, and develop a scalable and generalizable multi-task deep reinforcement learning method, which we call MT-Opt. We demonstrate how MT-Opt can learn a wide range of skills, including semantic picking (i.e., picking an object from a particular category), placing into various fixtures (e.g., placing a food item onto a plate), covering, aligning, and rearranging. We train and evaluate our system on a set of 12 real-world tasks with data collected from 7 robots, and demonstrate the performance of our system both in terms of its ability to generalize to structurally similar new tasks, and acquire distinct new tasks more quickly by leveraging past experience. We recommend viewing the videos at karolhausman.github.io/mt-opt ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"MT-Opt: Continuous Multi-Task Robotic Reinforcement Learning at Scale\" discusses a multi-task reinforcement learning framework and emphasizes scalability, sharing of experience, and learning across multiple tasks, it does not explicitly focus on **offline reinforcement learning** or the use of **data filtering** from datasets collected from multiple tasks. The paper primarily describes a large-scale multi-task RL system that involves online data collection using multiple robots and does not explicitly address offline RL algorithms or the specific mechanism of filtering data from pre-collected datasets, which is a key requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies proposed to discriminate the region-wise message passing with graph attention networks?\nTitle: GMAN: A Graph Multi-Attention Network for Traffic Prediction\nAbstract:  Abstract Long-term traffic prediction is highly challenging due to the complexity of traffic systems and the constantly changing nature of many impacting factors. In this paper, we focus on the spatio-temporal factors, and propose a graph multi-attention network (GMAN) to predict traffic conditions for time steps ahead at different locations on a road network graph. GMAN adapts an encoder-decoder architecture, where both the encoder and the decoder consist of multiple spatio-temporal attention blocks to model the impact of the spatio-temporal factors on traffic conditions. The encoder encodes the input traffic features and the decoder predicts the output sequence. Between the encoder and the decoder, a transform attention layer is applied to convert the encoded traffic features to generate the sequence representations of future time steps as the input of the decoder. The transform attention mechanism models the direct relationships between historical and future time steps that helps to alleviate the error propagation problem among prediction time steps. Experimental results on two real-world traffic prediction tasks (i.e., traffic volume prediction and traffic speed prediction) demonstrate the superiority of GMAN. In particular, in the 1 hour ahead prediction, GMAN outperforms state-of-the-art methods by up to 4% improvement in MAE measure. The source code is available at https://github.com/zhengchuanpan/GMAN. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"GMAN: A Graph Multi-Attention Network for Traffic Prediction,\" focuses on using a graph multi-attention network (GMAN) for traffic prediction by leveraging spatio-temporal attention mechanisms. While it employs graph attention networks to model spatio-temporal dependencies, the paper does not specifically propose or address the concept of *discriminating region-wise message passing* within graph attention networks. The abstract primarily discusses traffic prediction, spatio-temporal attention blocks, and transform attention mechanisms, but it does not mention region-wise message passing or any method to discriminate such message passing. Hence, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have been proposed to adapt the model to the continually evolving data in real-world scenarios?\nTitle: Source-Free Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) can tackle the challenge that convolutional neural network (CNN)-based approaches for semantic segmentation heavily rely on the pixel-level annotated data, which is labor-intensive. However, existing UDA approaches in this regard inevitably require the full access to source datasets to reduce the gap between the source and target domains during model adaptation, which are impractical in the real scenarios where the source datasets are private, and thus cannot be released along with the well-trained source models. To cope with this issue, we propose a source-free domain adaptation framework for semantic segmentation, namely SFDA, in which only a well-trained source model and an unlabeled target domain dataset are available for adaptation. SFDA not only enables to recover and preserve the source domain knowledge from the source model via knowledge transfer during model adaptation, but also distills valuable information from the target domain for self-supervised learning. The pixel- and patch-level optimization objectives tailored for semantic segmentation are seamlessly integrated in the framework. The extensive experimental results on numerous benchmark datasets highlight the effectiveness of our framework against the existing UDA approaches relying on source data. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on source-free domain adaptation for semantic segmentation, specifically addressing the challenge of adapting a model to a target domain without access to the source dataset. While this is relevant to domain adaptation, it does not explicitly address the issue of continually evolving data in real-world scenarios. The proposed framework (SFDA) is designed for adapting a pre-trained model to a static target domain dataset, rather than handling dynamic or continuously changing data distributions over time. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query about adapting models to continually evolving data."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper derived a Lévy-driven stochastic differential equation for modeling non-gaussianity of noise?\nTitle: Towards Theoretically Understanding Why Sgd Generalizes Better Than Adam in Deep Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract It is not clear yet why Adam-alike adaptive gradient algorithms suffer from worse generalization performance than Sgd despite their faster training speed. This work aims to provide understandings on this generalization gap by analyzing their local convergence behaviors. Specifically, we observe the heavy tails of gradient noise in these algorithms. This motivates us to analyze these algorithms through their Lévy-driven stochastic differential equations (SDEs) because of the similar convergence behaviors of an algorithm and its SDE. Then we establish the escaping time of these SDEs from a local basin. The result shows that (1) the escaping time of both Sgd and Adam depends on the Radon measure of the basin positively and the heaviness of gradient noise negatively; (2) for the same basin, Sgd enjoys smaller escaping time than Adam, mainly because (a) the geometry adaptation in Adam via adaptively scaling each gradient coordinate well diminishes the anisotropic structure in gradient noise and results in larger Radon measure of a basin; (b) the exponential gradient average in Adam smooths its gradient and leads to lighter gradient noise tails than Sgd. So Sgd is more locally unstable than Adam at sharp minima defined as the minima whose local basins have small Radon measure, and can better escape from them to flatter ones with larger Radon measure. As flat minima here which often refer to the minima at flat or asymmetric basins/valleys often generalize better than sharp ones [1, 2], our result explains the better generalization performance of Sgd over Adam. Finally, experimental results confirm our heavy-tailed gradient noise assumption and theoretical affirmation. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper does discuss Lévy-driven stochastic differential equations (SDEs) and analyzes the heavy-tailed gradient noise in the context of optimization algorithms like SGD and Adam, its primary focus is on understanding the generalization gap between these algorithms in deep learning. The paper uses Lévy-driven SDEs as a tool to analyze the convergence behaviors of SGD and Adam, but it does not primarily derive a Lévy-driven SDE for the purpose of modeling non-Gaussianity of noise in a general sense. The derivation of such an equation is not the central contribution of the paper, nor is it explicitly aimed at addressing the broader topic of modeling non-Gaussian noise. Instead, the Lévy-driven SDE is used in the specific context of understanding optimization dynamics. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some one-stage methods for EHPS?\nTitle: One-Stage 3D Whole-Body Mesh Recovery with Component Aware Transformer\nAbstract:  Abstract Whole-body mesh recovery aims to estimate the 3D human body, face, and hands parameters from a single image. It is challenging to perform this task with a single network due to resolution issues, i.e., the face and hands are usually located in extremely small regions. Existing works usually detect hands and faces, enlarge their resolution to feed in a specific network to predict the parameter, and finally fuse the results. While this copy-paste pipeline can capture the fine-grained details of the face and hands, the connections between different parts cannot be easily recovered in late fusion, leading to implausible 3D rotation and unnatural pose. In this work, we propose a one-stage pipeline for expressive whole-body mesh recovery, named OSX, without separate networks for each part. Specifically, we design a Component Aware Transformer (CAT) composed of a global body encoder and a local face/hand decoder. The encoder predicts the body parameters and provides a high-quality feature map for the decoder, which performs a feature-level upsample-crop scheme to extract high-resolution part-specific features and adopt keypoint-guided deformable attention to estimate hand and face precisely. The whole pipeline is simple yet effective without any manual post-processing and naturally avoids implausible prediction. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of OSX. Lastly, we build a large-scale Upper-Body dataset (UBody) with high-quality 2D and 3D whole-body annotations. It contains persons with partially visible bodies in diverse real-life scenarios to bridge the gap between the basic task and downstream applications.  ††§§\\S Work done during an internship at IDEA; ¶¶{\\P} Corresponding author. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The user query specifically asks for one-stage methods for **EHPS** (Expressive Human Pose and Shape). While the searched paper discusses a one-stage method for **whole-body mesh recovery** (OSX), which includes estimating 3D human body, face, and hand parameters, it does not explicitly mention or focus on EHPS. EHPS typically refers to methods that recover expressive human pose and shape, often emphasizing the detailed modeling of the human body and its expressiveness. The paper's focus on whole-body mesh recovery with a Component Aware Transformer (CAT) does not clearly align with the specific requirements of EHPS as per the query. Additionally, the paper does not explicitly frame its contributions within the context of EHPS, making it unsuitable as a direct answer to the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have raised concerns regarding the sensitivity of standard DRO to outliers?\nTitle: Fairness Without Demographics in Repeated Loss Minimization\nAbstract:  Abstract Machine learning models (e.g., speech recognizers) are usually trained to minimize average loss, which results in representation disparity—minority groups (e.g., non-native speakers) contribute less to the training objective and thus tend to suffer higher loss. Worse, as model accuracy affects user retention, a minority group can shrink over time. In this paper, we first show that the status quo of empirical risk minimization (ERM) amplifies representation disparity over time, which can even make initially fair models unfair. To mitigate this, we develop an approach based on distributionally robust optimization (DRO), which minimizes the worst case risk over all distributions close to the empirical distribution. We prove that this approach controls the risk of the minority group at each time step, in the spirit of Rawlsian distributive justice, while remaining oblivious to the identity of the groups. We demonstrate that DRO prevents disparity amplification on examples where ERM fails, and show improvements in minority group user satisfaction in a real-world text autocomplete task. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on addressing representation disparity and fairness issues in machine learning models using distributionally robust optimization (DRO). While it discusses the application of DRO to mitigate risks for minority groups and prevent disparity amplification, it does not explicitly raise concerns or analyze the sensitivity of standard DRO to outliers. The user query specifically asks for works that address concerns regarding the sensitivity of standard DRO to outliers, which is not the focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What paper conducted experiments to generate audio-driven talking faces with the utilization of an adversarial process?\nTitle: A Lip Sync Expert Is All You Need for Speech to Lip Generation In The Wild\nAbstract:  Abstract. In this work, we investigate the problem of lip-syncing a talking face video of an arbitrary identity to match a target speech segment. Current works excel at producing accurate lip movements on a static image or videos of specific people seen during the training phase. However, they fail to accurately morph the lip movements of arbitrary identities in dynamic, unconstrained talking face videos, resulting in significant parts of the video being out-of-sync with the new audio. We identify key reasons pertaining to this and hence resolve them by learning from a powerful lip-sync discriminator. Next, we propose new, rigorous evaluation benchmarks and metrics to accurately measure lip synchronization in unconstrained videos. Extensive quantitative evaluations on our challenging benchmarks show that the lip-sync accuracy of the videos generated by our Wav2Lip model is almost as good as real synced videos. We provide a demo video clearly showing the substantial impact of our Wav2Lip model and evaluation benchmarks on our website: cvit.iiit.ac.in/research/projects/cvit-projects/a-lip-sync-expert-is-all-you-need-for-speech-to-lip-generation-in-the-wild. The code and models are released here: github.com/Rudrabha/Wav2Lip. You can also try out the interactive demo at this link: bhaasha.iiit.ac.in/lipsync. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"A Lip Sync Expert Is All You Need for Speech to Lip Generation In The Wild\" focuses on generating lip-synced talking face videos driven by audio, it does not explicitly mention the utilization of an adversarial process in its methodology. The abstract highlights the use of a \"powerful lip-sync discriminator\" to improve lip synchronization but does not indicate that this involves an adversarial process (e.g., a generative adversarial network or GAN). An adversarial process typically involves a generator and discriminator working in tandem, which is not explicitly described in the abstract. Therefore, this paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works are based on magnitude pruning in the field of neural network pruning?\nTitle: To prune, or not to prune: exploring the efficacy of pruning for model compression\nAbstract:  Abstract Model pruning seeks to induce sparsity in a deep neural network’s various connection matrices, thereby reducing the number of nonzero-valued parameters in the model. Recent reports (Han et al., 2015a; Narang et al., 2017) prune deep networks at the cost of only a marginal loss in accuracy and achieve a sizable reduction in model size. This hints at the possibility that the baseline models in these experiments are perhaps severely over-parameterized at the outset and a viable alternative for model compression might be to simply reduce the number of hidden units while maintaining the model’s dense connection structure, exposing a similar trade-off in model size and accuracy. We investigate these two distinct paths for model compression within the context of energy-efficient inference in resource-constrained environments and propose a new gradual pruning technique that is simple and straightforward to apply across a variety of models/datasets with minimal tuning and can be seamlessly incorporated within the training process. We compare the accuracy of large, but pruned models (large-sparse) and their smaller, but dense (small-dense) counterparts with identical memory footprint. Across a broad range of neural network architectures (deep CNNs, stacked LSTM, and seq2seq LSTM models), we find large-sparse models to consistently outperform small-dense models and achieve up to 10x reduction in number of non-zero parameters with minimal loss in accuracy. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses model pruning and proposes a gradual pruning technique, it does not explicitly state that the pruning method is based on *magnitude pruning*. Magnitude pruning specifically refers to removing weights with the smallest magnitudes (e.g., close to zero) as a criterion for pruning. The abstract does not provide sufficient detail to confirm that the proposed pruning technique is based on this specific method. Instead, the focus is on comparing large-sparse and small-dense models and introducing a general pruning approach, but the exact pruning criterion is not clarified. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user query, which specifically asks for works based on magnitude pruning."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies have applied autoregressive transformer decoders to object-centric learning?\nTitle: Simple Unsupervised Object-Centric Learning for Complex and Naturalistic Videos\nAbstract:  Abstract Unsupervised object-centric learning aims to represent the modular, compositional, and causal structure of a scene as a set of object representations and thereby promises to resolve many critical limitations of traditional single-vector representations such as poor systematic generalization. Although there have been many remarkable advances in recent years, one of the most critical problems in this direction has been that previous methods work only with simple and synthetic scenes but not with complex and naturalistic images or videos. In this paper, we propose STEVE, an unsupervised model for object-centric learning in videos. Our proposed model makes a significant advancement by demonstrating its effectiveness on various complex and naturalistic videos unprecedented in this line of research. Interestingly, this is achieved by neither adding complexity to the model architecture nor introducing a new objective or weak supervision. Rather, it is achieved by a surprisingly simple architecture that uses a transformer-based image decoder conditioned on slots and the learning objective is simply to reconstruct the observation. Our experiment results on various complex and naturalistic videos show significant improvements compared to the previous state-of-the-art. https://sites.google.com/view/slot-transformer-for-videos ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Simple Unsupervised Object-Centric Learning for Complex and Naturalistic Videos\" proposes a model called STEVE for object-centric learning in videos. While the paper mentions the use of a transformer-based image decoder conditioned on slots, it does not specify that the decoder is autoregressive. The user query specifically asks for studies that have applied *autoregressive transformer decoders* to object-centric learning, and the abstract does not provide evidence that an autoregressive mechanism is employed in the decoder. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you tell me what works have utilized Gaussian Processes, Neural Processes or Bayesian Neural Networks in the context of Online ED?\nTitle: Bayesian Neural Networks: An Introduction and Survey\nAbstract:  Abstract Neural Networks (NNs) have provided state-of-the-art results for many challenging machine learning tasks such as detection, regression and classification across the domains of computer vision, speech recognition and natural language processing. Despite their success, they are often implemented in a frequentist scheme, meaning they are unable to reason about uncertainty in their predictions. This article introduces Bayesian Neural Networks (BNNs) and the seminal research regarding their implementation. Different approximate inference methods are compared, and used to highlight where future research can improve on current methods. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"Bayesian Neural Networks: An Introduction and Survey,\" provides an introduction to Bayesian Neural Networks (BNNs) and discusses their implementation and approximate inference methods. However, it does not explicitly mention or focus on the use of Gaussian Processes, Neural Processes, or Bayesian Neural Networks in the specific context of Online ED (likely referring to Online Education or Online Experimentation and Design). The paper is a general survey on BNNs and does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query, which seeks works specifically applying these methods in the context of Online ED."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies developed datasets capturing diverse and complex manipulation skills, such as using tools, deforming soft bodies, and multi-person handovers?\nTitle: H2O: A Benchmark for Visual Human-human Object Handover Analysis\nAbstract:  Abstract Object handover is a common human collaboration behavior that attracts attention from researchers in Robotics and Cognitive Science. Though visual perception plays an important role in the object handover task, the whole handover process has been specifically explored. In this work, we propose a novel rich-annotated dataset, H2O, for visual analysis of human-human object handovers. The H2O, which contains 18K video clips involving 15 people who hand over 30 objects to each other, is a multi-purpose benchmark. It can support several vision-based tasks, from which, we specifically provide a baseline method, RGPNet, for a less-explored task named Receiver Grasp Prediction. Extensive experiments show that the RGPNet can produce plausible grasps based on the giver’s hand-object states in the pre-handover phase. Besides, we also report the hand and object pose errors with existing baselines and show that the dataset can serve as the video demonstrations for robot imitation learning on the handover task. Dataset, model and code will be made public. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"H2O: A Benchmark for Visual Human-human Object Handover Analysis\" introduces a dataset focused on human-human object handovers, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. The dataset primarily focuses on handover tasks and does not explicitly address diverse and complex manipulation skills such as using tools, deforming soft bodies, or other nuanced manipulation tasks. The paper emphasizes handovers between humans and provides annotations for tasks like Receiver Grasp Prediction, but it does not explore or include datasets for broader manipulation scenarios involving tools or deformable objects. Therefore, it does not meet the full scope of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about the intersection of multi-objective optimization and risk-control?\nTitle: SMAC3: A Versatile Bayesian Optimization Package for Hyperparameter Optimization\nAbstract:  Abstract Algorithm parameters, in particular hyperparameters of machine learning algorithms, can substantially impact their performance. To support users in determining well-performing hyperparameter configurations for their algorithms, datasets and applications at hand, SMAC3 offers a robust and flexible framework for Bayesian Optimization, which can improve performance within a few evaluations. It offers several facades and pre-sets for typical use cases, such as optimizing hyperparameters, solving low dimensional continuous (artificial) global optimization problems and configuring algorithms to perform well across multiple problem instances. The SMAC3 package is available under a permissive BSD-license at https://github.com/automl/SMAC3. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper titled \"SMAC3: A Versatile Bayesian Optimization Package for Hyperparameter Optimization\" focuses on Bayesian optimization for hyperparameter tuning and algorithm configuration. While it mentions optimization, it does not explicitly address the intersection of multi-objective optimization and risk-control. The abstract does not indicate any discussion or application of risk-control methodologies or frameworks, which is a critical part of the user's query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the studies that have attempted to model hand-object interactions using skeletons or customised meshes?\nTitle: HOnnotate: A method for 3D Annotation of Hand and Object Poses\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose a method for annotating images of a hand manipulating an object with the 3D poses of both the hand and the object, together with a dataset created using this method. Our motivation is the current lack of annotated real images for this problem, as estimating the 3D poses is challenging, mostly because of the mutual occlusions between the hand and the object. To tackle this challenge, we capture sequences with one or several RGB-D cameras and jointly optimize the 3D hand and object poses over all the frames simultaneously. This method allows us to automatically annotate each frame with accurate estimates of the poses, despite large mutual occlusions. With this method, we created HO-3D, the first markerless dataset of color images with 3D annotations for both the hand and object. This dataset is currently made of 77,558 frames, 68 sequences, 10 persons, and 10 objects. Using our dataset, we develop a single RGB image-based method to predict the hand pose when interacting with objects under severe occlusions and show it generalizes to objects not seen in the dataset. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** Although the paper \"HOnnotate: A method for 3D Annotation of Hand and Object Poses\" discusses modeling hand-object interactions and provides 3D annotations for hand and object poses, it does not explicitly mention the use of skeletons or customized meshes for modeling these interactions. The focus of the paper is on annotating 3D poses and creating a dataset (HO-3D) for hand-object interactions, rather than specifically modeling the interactions using skeletons or customized meshes. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works studied the universal approximation power of attention-based models?\nTitle: Universal Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) sequentially process data by updating their state with each new data point, and have long been the de facto choice for sequence modeling tasks. However, their inherently sequential computation makes them slow to train. Feed-forward and convolutional architectures have recently been shown to achieve superior results on some sequence modeling tasks such as machine translation, with the added advantage that they concurrently process all inputs in the sequence, leading to easy parallelization and faster training times. Despite these successes, however, popular feed-forward sequence models like the Transformer fail to generalize in many simple tasks that recurrent models handle with ease, e.g. copying strings or even simple logical inference when the string or formula lengths exceed those observed at training time. We propose the Universal Transformer (UT), a parallel-in-time self-attentive recurrent sequence model which can be cast as a generalization of the Transformer model and which addresses these issues. UTs combine the parallelizability and global receptive field of feed-forward sequence models like the Transformer with the recurrent inductive bias of RNNs. We also add a dynamic per-position halting mechanism and find that it improves accuracy on several tasks. In contrast to the standard Transformer, under certain assumptions UTs can be shown to be Turing-complete. Our experiments show that UTs outperform standard Transformers on a wide range of algorithmic and language understanding tasks, including the challenging LAMBADA language modeling task where UTs achieve a new state of the art, and machine translation where UTs achieve a 0.9 BLEU improvement over Transformers on the WMT14 En-De dataset. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Universal Transformers\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses Universal Transformers, which are attention-based models, and explores their capabilities (e.g., Turing-completeness and performance on various tasks), it does not explicitly focus on studying the *universal approximation power* of attention-based models. The universal approximation power refers to the theoretical ability of a model to approximate any function under certain conditions, which is not the central focus of this paper. Instead, the paper primarily emphasizes the architectural improvements, dynamic halting mechanisms, and empirical performance of Universal Transformers."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers discuss the use of a fine-tuned RoBERTa model for distinguishing between machine-generated and human-written texts?\nTitle: Check Me If You Can: Detecting ChatGPT-Generated Academic Writing using CheckGPT\nAbstract:  Abstract With ChatGPT under the spotlight, utilizing large language models (LLMs) for academic writing has drawn a significant amount of discussions and concerns in the community. While substantial research efforts have been stimulated for detecting LLM-Generated Content (LLM-content), most of the attempts are still in the early stage of exploration. In this paper, we present a holistic investigation of detecting LLM-generate academic writing, by providing the dataset, evidence, and algorithms, in order to inspire more community effort to address the concern of LLM academic misuse. We first present GPABenchmark, a benchmarking dataset of 600,000 samples of human-written, GPT-written, GPT-completed, and GPT-polished abstracts of research papers in CS, physics, and humanities and social sciences (HSS). We show that existing open-source and commercial GPT detectors provide unsatisfactory performance on GPABenchmark, especially for GPT-polished text. Moreover, through a user study of 150+ participants, we show that it is highly challenging for human users, including experienced faculty members and researchers, to identify GPT-generated abstracts. We then present CheckGPT, a novel LLM-content detector consisting of a general representation module and an attentive-BiLSTM classification module, which is accurate, transferable, and interpretable. Experimental results show that CheckGPT achieves an average classification accuracy of 98% to 99% for the task-specific discipline-specific detectors and the unified detectors. CheckGPT is also highly transferable that, without tuning, it achieves ∼similar-to\\sim90% accuracy in new domains, such as news articles, while a model tuned with approximately 2,000 samples in the target domain achieves ∼similar-to\\sim98% accuracy. Finally, we demonstrate the explanability insights obtained from CheckGPT to reveal the key behaviors of how LLM generates texts. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, *\"Check Me If You Can: Detecting ChatGPT-Generated Academic Writing using CheckGPT,\"* does not discuss the use of a fine-tuned RoBERTa model for distinguishing between machine-generated and human-written texts. Instead, the paper focuses on the development and evaluation of a novel detector called CheckGPT, which consists of a general representation module and an attentive-BiLSTM classification module. While the paper addresses the detection of machine-generated texts, it does not mention the use of RoBERTa or its fine-tuning for this purpose. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works proposed methods to solve the tensor network structure search (TN-SS) problem via discrete optimization?\nTitle: Permutation Search of Tensor Network Structures via Local Sampling\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent works put much effort into tensor network structure search (TN-SS), aiming to select suitable tensor network (TN) structures, involving the TN-ranks, formats, and so on, for the decomposition or learning tasks. In this paper, we consider a practical variant of TN-SS, dubbed TN permutation search (TN-PS), in which we search for good mappings from tensor modes onto TN vertices (core tensors) for compact TN representations. We conduct a theoretical investigation of TN-PS and propose a practically-efficient algorithm to resolve the problem. Theoretically, we prove the counting and metric properties of search spaces of TN-PS, analyzing for the first time the impact of TN structures on these unique properties. Numerically, we propose a novel meta-heuristic algorithm, in which the searching is done by randomly sampling in a neighborhood established in our theory, and then recurrently updating the neighborhood until convergence. Numerical results demonstrate that the new algorithm can reduce the required model size of TNs in extensive benchmarks, implying the improvement in the expressive power of TNs. Furthermore, the computational cost for the new algorithm is significantly less than that in (Li & Sun, 2020). ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The paper focuses on a specific variant of the tensor network structure search (TN-SS) problem, called tensor network permutation search (TN-PS). While it does propose a method to solve TN-PS using a meta-heuristic algorithm based on local sampling and discrete optimization, it does not fully address the broader TN-SS problem, which involves selecting tensor network ranks, formats, and other structural components. The user query specifically asks about methods to solve the general TN-SS problem via discrete optimization, and this paper's scope is limited to TN-PS, a narrower subproblem. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works discussed how vision Foundation Models adapt to foreign domains?\nTitle: The (Un)Surprising Effectiveness of Pre-Trained Vision Models for Control\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent years have seen the emergence of pre-trained representations as a powerful abstraction for AI applications in computer vision, natural language, and speech. However, policy learning for control is still dominated by a tabula-rasa learning paradigm, with visuo-motor policies often trained from scratch using data from deployment environments. In this context, we revisit and study the role of pre-trained visual representations for control, and in particular representations trained on large-scale computer vision datasets. Through extensive empirical evaluation in diverse control domains (Habitat, DeepMind Control, Adroit, Franka Kitchen), we isolate and study the importance of different representation training methods, data augmentations, and feature hierarchies. Overall, we find that pre-trained visual representations can be competitive or even better than ground-truth state representations to train control policies. This is in spite of using only out-of-domain data from standard vision datasets, without any in-domain data from the deployment environments. Source code and more at https://sites.google.com/view/pvr-control. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on studying the effectiveness of pre-trained visual representations for control tasks in diverse domains. While it evaluates the use of pre-trained vision models trained on large-scale datasets and their performance in control tasks across various environments, it does not explicitly discuss how vision Foundation Models adapt to foreign domains. The paper emphasizes empirical evaluation of pre-trained representations for control rather than exploring or analyzing the adaptation mechanisms of vision Foundation Models to foreign domains. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works in which the approach of Straight-Through Estimator is extended to employ various forms of the ReLU activation function?\nTitle: Blended Coarse Gradient Descent for Full Quantization of Deep Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Quantized deep neural networks (QDNNs) are attractive due to their much lower memory storage and faster inference speed than their regular full precision counterparts. To maintain the same performance level especially at low bit-widths, QDNNs must be retrained. Their training involves piecewise constant activation functions and discrete weights, hence mathematical challenges arise. We introduce the notion of coarse gradient and propose the blended coarse gradient descent (BCGD) algorithm, for training fully quantized neural networks. Coarse gradient is generally not a gradient of any function but an artificial ascent direction. The weight update of BCGD goes by coarse gradient correction of a weighted average of the full precision weights and their quantization (the so-called blending), which yields sufficient descent in the objective value and thus accelerates the training. Our experiments demonstrate that this simple blending technique is very effective for quantization at extremely low bit-width such as binarization. In full quantization of ResNet-18 for ImageNet classification task, BCGD gives 64.36% top-1 accuracy with binary weights across all layers and 4-bit adaptive activation. If the weights in the first and last layers are kept in full precision, this number increases to 65.46%. As theoretical justification, we show convergence analysis of coarse gradient descent for a two-linear-layer neural network model with Gaussian input data, and prove that the expected coarse gradient correlates positively with the underlying true gradient. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The searched paper, \"Blended Coarse Gradient Descent for Full Quantization of Deep Neural Networks,\" focuses on introducing the blended coarse gradient descent (BCGD) algorithm for training fully quantized neural networks. While the paper addresses challenges related to piecewise constant activation functions and quantization, it does not explicitly extend the approach of the Straight-Through Estimator (STE) to employ various forms of the ReLU activation function. The abstract does not mention any specific work on STE or modifications/extensions of STE in relation to ReLU or its variants. Instead, the focus is on coarse gradient descent and blending techniques for quantization. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies use a stochastic block model to analyze spectral contrastive learning for unsupervised domain adaption?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The provided paper's title, \"1 Introduction,\" and abstract are not included in the query, so there is no evidence to suggest that it uses a stochastic block model to analyze spectral contrastive learning for unsupervised domain adaptation. Without explicit mention of the stochastic block model, spectral contrastive learning, or unsupervised domain adaptation, the paper cannot be confirmed to satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works that linked diffusion models to score matching and energy-based models?\nTitle: Learning Non-Convergent Non-Persistent Short-Run MCMC Toward Energy-Based Model\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper studies a curious phenomenon in learning energy-based model (EBM) using MCMC. In each learning iteration, we generate synthesized examples by running a non-convergent, non-mixing, and non-persistent short-run MCMC toward the current model, always starting from the same initial distribution such as uniform noise distribution, and always running a fixed number of MCMC steps. After generating synthesized examples, we then update the model parameters according to the maximum likelihood learning gradient, as if the synthesized examples are fair samples from the current model. We treat this non-convergent short-run MCMC as a learned generator model or a flow model. We provide arguments for treating the learned non-convergent short-run MCMC as a valid model. We show that the learned short-run MCMC is capable of generating realistic images. More interestingly, unlike traditional EBM or MCMC, the learned short-run MCMC is capable of reconstructing observed images and interpolating between images, like generator or flow models. The code can be found in the Appendix. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on studying a phenomenon in learning energy-based models (EBMs) using non-convergent, non-persistent short-run MCMC. While the paper discusses energy-based models and MCMC methods, it does not explicitly link diffusion models to score matching or energy-based models, which is the specific requirement of the user query. The abstract does not mention diffusion models or their connection to score matching, and the primary focus is on the behavior and learning of short-run MCMC in the context of EBMs. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers focused on global, hyperparameter-based, chain-structured, or cell-based search space designs in Neural Architecture Search (NAS)?\nTitle: Neural Architecture Search with Bayesian Optimisation and Optimal Transport\nAbstract:  Abstract Bayesian Optimisation (BO) refers to a class of methods for global optimisation of a function f𝑓f which is only accessible via point evaluations. It is typically used in settings where f𝑓f is expensive to evaluate. A common use case for BO in machine learning is model selection, where it is not possible to analytically model the generalisation performance of a statistical model, and we resort to noisy and expensive training and validation procedures to choose the best model. Conventional BO methods have focused on Euclidean and categorical domains, which, in the context of model selection, only permits tuning scalar hyper-parameters of machine learning algorithms. However, with the surge of interest in deep learning, there is an increasing demand to tune neural network architectures. In this work, we develop NASBOT, a Gaussian process based BO framework for neural architecture search. To accomplish this, we develop a distance metric in the space of neural network architectures which can be computed efficiently via an optimal transport program. This distance might be of independent interest to the deep learning community as it may find applications outside of BO. We demonstrate that NASBOT outperforms other alternatives for architecture search in several cross validation based model selection tasks on multi-layer perceptrons and convolutional neural networks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Neural Architecture Search with Bayesian Optimisation and Optimal Transport\" primarily focuses on using Bayesian Optimization (BO) for Neural Architecture Search (NAS). While it discusses global optimization and hyperparameter tuning in the context of BO, the paper does not explicitly address chain-structured or cell-based search space designs, which are specific aspects of NAS search space design. Instead, the focus is on developing a distance metric for neural network architectures and applying BO to optimize architectures, rather than detailing or exploring specific search space designs like chain-structured or cell-based approaches. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies made initial explorations into the problem of generating gesture videos directly?\nTitle: Audio-driven Neural Gesture Reenactment with Video Motion Graphs\nAbstract:  Abstract Human speech is often accompanied by body gestures including arm and hand gestures. We present a method that reenacts a high-quality video with gestures matching a target speech audio. The key idea of our method is to split and re-assemble clips from a reference video through a novel video motion graph encoding valid transitions between clips. To seamlessly connect different clips in the reenactment, we propose a pose-aware video blending network which synthesizes video frames around the stitched frames between two clips. Moreover, we developed an audio-based gesture searching algorithm to find the optimal order of the reenacted frames. Our system generates reenactments that are consistent with both the audio rhythms and the speech content. We evaluate our synthesized video quality quantitatively, qualitatively, and with user studies, demonstrating that our method produces videos of much higher quality and consistency with the target audio compared to previous work and baselines. Our project page https://yzhou359.github.io/video_reenact includes code and data. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Audio-driven Neural Gesture Reenactment with Video Motion Graphs,\" primarily focuses on reenacting high-quality videos with gestures that match target speech audio. While it introduces methods such as video motion graphs, pose-aware blending, and audio-based gesture searching, its primary goal is to reenact gestures by reassembling and blending clips from a reference video, rather than generating gesture videos directly from scratch. The user query specifically asks for studies that made initial explorations into directly generating gesture videos, which implies the creation of gesture videos without relying on pre-existing video clips. Therefore, this paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Is there any study introduced imaginary words to represent what natural language hardly describes to enhance zero-shot learning capabilities for the LLM?\nTitle: An Image is Worth One Word: Personalizing Text-to-Image Generation using Textual Inversion\nAbstract:  Abstract Text-to-image models offer unprecedented freedom to guide creation through natural language. Yet, it is unclear how such freedom can be exercised to generate images of specific unique concepts, modify their appearance, or compose them in new roles and novel scenes. In other words, we ask: how can we use language-guided models to turn our cat into a painting, or imagine a new product based on our favorite toy? Here we present a simple approach that allows such creative freedom. Using only 333-555 images of a user-provided concept, like an object or a style, we learn to represent it through new “words” in the embedding space of a frozen text-to-image model. These “words” can be composed into natural language sentences, guiding personalized creation in an intuitive way. Notably, we find evidence that a single word embedding is sufficient for capturing unique and varied concepts. We compare our approach to a wide range of baselines, and demonstrate that it can more faithfully portray the concepts across a range of applications and tasks. Our code, data and new words will be available at: https://textual-inversion.github.io ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on creating \"imaginary words\" in the embedding space of a text-to-image model to represent specific unique concepts (e.g., objects, styles) for personalized text-to-image generation. While these \"words\" are used to guide creative processes and generate images, the paper does not explicitly address enhancing zero-shot learning capabilities for large language models (LLMs). The study is centered on text-to-image generation rather than improving the zero-shot learning capabilities of LLMs by introducing imaginary words to describe concepts that natural language struggles to express. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works show that REALM and DPR can be used for open-domain question answering?\nTitle: REALM: Retrieval-Augmented Language Model Pre-Training\nAbstract:  Abstract Language model pre-training has been shown to capture a surprising amount of world knowledge, crucial for NLP tasks such as question answering. However, this knowledge is stored implicitly in the parameters of a neural network, requiring ever-larger networks to cover more facts. To capture knowledge in a more modular and interpretable way, we augment language model pre-training with a latent knowledge retriever, which allows the model to retrieve and attend over documents from a large corpus such as Wikipedia, used during pre-training, fine-tuning and inference. For the first time, we show how to pre-train such a knowledge retriever in an unsupervised manner, using masked language modeling as the learning signal and backpropagating through a retrieval step that considers millions of documents. We demonstrate the effectiveness of Retrieval-Augmented Language Model pre-training (REALM) by fine-tuning on the challenging task of Open-domain Question Answering (Open-QA). We compare against state-of-the-art models for both explicit and implicit knowledge storage on three popular Open-QA benchmarks, and find that we outperform all previous methods by a significant margin (4-16% absolute accuracy), while also providing qualitative benefits such as interpretability and modularity. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper discusses the use of REALM for open-domain question answering (Open-QA), it does not mention or demonstrate the use of DPR (Dense Passage Retrieval) for Open-QA. The user query specifically asks for works that show both REALM and DPR being used for Open-QA. Since the paper only focuses on REALM and does not address DPR, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work proposed a framework for transforming offline problems to online methods in an adversarial bandit setting?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the absence of a detailed abstract do not provide sufficient information to determine whether it proposes a framework for transforming offline problems to online methods in an adversarial bandit setting. The title and abstract lack specific details or keywords related to adversarial bandits, offline-to-online transformation, or related methodologies. Therefore, it cannot be concluded that this paper satisfies the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works have combined the 1/2-Tsallis entropy and the Shannon entropy regularizers in obtaining best-of-both-worlds guarantees for the graph feedback problem?\nTitle: Nearly Optimal Best-of-Both-Worlds Algorithms for Online Learning with Feedback Graphs\nAbstract:  Abstract This study considers online learning with general directed feedback graphs. For this problem, we present best-of-both-worlds algorithms that achieve nearly tight regret bounds for adversarial environments as well as poly-logarithmic regret bounds for stochastic environments. As Alon et al. (2015) have shown, tight regret bounds depend on the structure of the feedback graph: strongly observable graphs yield minimax regret of Θ~​(α1/2​T1/2)~Θsuperscript𝛼12superscript𝑇12\\tilde{\\Theta}(\\alpha^{1/2}T^{1/2}), while weakly observable graphs induce minimax regret of Θ~​(δ1/3​T2/3)~Θsuperscript𝛿13superscript𝑇23\\tilde{\\Theta}(\\delta^{1/3}T^{2/3}), where α𝛼\\alpha and δ𝛿\\delta, respectively, represent the independence number of the graph and the domination number of a certain portion of the graph. Our proposed algorithm for strongly observable graphs has a regret bound of O~​(α1/2​T1/2)~𝑂superscript𝛼12superscript𝑇12\\tilde{O}(\\alpha^{1/2}T^{1/2}) for adversarial environments, as well as of O​(α​(ln⁡T)3Δmin)𝑂𝛼superscript𝑇3subscriptΔ{O}(\\frac{\\alpha(\\ln T)^{3}}{\\Delta_{\\min}}) for stochastic environments, where ΔminsubscriptΔ\\Delta_{\\min} expresses the minimum suboptimality gap. This result resolves an open question raised by Erez and Koren (2021). We also provide an algorithm for weakly observable graphs that achieves a regret bound of O~​(δ1/3​T2/3)~𝑂superscript𝛿13superscript𝑇23\\tilde{O}(\\delta^{1/3}T^{2/3}) for adversarial environments and poly-logarithmic regret for stochastic environments. The proposed algorithms are based on the follow-the-regularized-leader approach combined with newly designed update rules for learning rates. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on developing best-of-both-worlds algorithms for online learning with feedback graphs, achieving nearly tight regret bounds in both adversarial and stochastic environments. However, the abstract does not mention the use of the **1/2-Tsallis entropy** or the **Shannon entropy regularizers**. While the paper employs the follow-the-regularized-leader (FTRL) approach with newly designed update rules, there is no explicit indication that these regularizers (1/2-Tsallis entropy and Shannon entropy) are combined to achieve the stated guarantees. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers used Vision Transformers to predict succeeding pixels or reconstruct missing patches?\nTitle: Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer using Shifted Windows\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper presents a new vision Transformer, called Swin Transformer, that capably serves as a general-purpose backbone for computer vision. Challenges in adapting Transformer from language to vision arise from differences between the two domains, such as large variations in the scale of visual entities and the high resolution of pixels in images compared to words in text. To address these differences, we propose a hierarchical Transformer whose representation is computed with Shifted windows. The shifted windowing scheme brings greater efficiency by limiting self-attention computation to non-overlapping local windows while also allowing for cross-window connection. This hierarchical architecture has the flexibility to model at various scales and has linear computational complexity with respect to image size. These qualities of Swin Transformer make it compatible with a broad range of vision tasks, including image classification (87.3 top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K) and dense prediction tasks such as object detection (58.7 box AP and 51.1 mask AP on COCO test-dev) and semantic segmentation (53.5 mIoU on ADE20K val). Its performance surpasses the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin of +2.7 box AP and +2.6 mask AP on COCO, and +3.2 mIoU on ADE20K, demonstrating the potential of Transformer-based models as vision backbones. The hierarchical design and the shifted window approach also prove beneficial for all-MLP architectures. The code and models are publicly available at https://github.com/microsoft/Swin-Transformer. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer using Shifted Windows\" focuses on developing a hierarchical Vision Transformer architecture for general-purpose computer vision tasks such as image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation. While it introduces innovations like shifted windows for efficient computation and cross-window connections, the paper does not explicitly address tasks such as predicting succeeding pixels or reconstructing missing patches. The abstract does not mention any experiments or methodologies related to these specific tasks, which are central to the user query. Therefore, this paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you list some datasets for visual document understanding, including layout analysis and document classification?\nTitle: DocBank: A Benchmark Dataset for Document Layout Analysis\nAbstract:  Abstract Document layout analysis usually relies on computer vision models to understand documents while ignoring textual information that is vital to capture. Meanwhile, high quality labeled datasets with both visual and textual information are still insufficient. In this paper, we present DocBank, a benchmark dataset that contains 500K document pages with fine-grained token-level annotations for document layout analysis. DocBank is constructed using a simple yet effective way with weak supervision from the LaTeX documents available on the arXiv.com. With DocBank, models from different modalities can be compared fairly and multi-modal approaches will be further investigated and boost the performance of document layout analysis. We build several strong baselines and manually split train/dev/test sets for evaluation. Experiment results show that models trained on DocBank accurately recognize the layout information for a variety of documents. The DocBank dataset is publicly available at https://github.com/doc-analysis/DocBank. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper on DocBank introduces a dataset specifically for document layout analysis, which is a part of visual document understanding, it does not explicitly address or provide datasets for document classification. The user query specifically asks for datasets covering both layout analysis and document classification. Since the paper focuses solely on layout analysis and does not mention document classification, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research involves the use of anisotropic 3D Gaussians as scene representation?\nTitle: NeuRBF: A Neural Fields Representation with Adaptive Radial Basis Functions\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a novel type of neural fields that uses general radial bases for signal representation. State-of-the-art neural fields typically rely on grid-based representations for storing local neural features and N-dimensional linear kernels for interpolating features at continuous query points. The spatial positions of their neural features are fixed on grid nodes and cannot well adapt to target signals. Our method instead builds upon general radial bases with flexible kernel position and shape, which have higher spatial adaptivity and can more closely fit target signals. To further improve the channel-wise capacity of radial basis functions, we propose to compose them with multi-frequency sinusoid functions. This technique extends a radial basis to multiple Fourier radial bases of different frequency bands without requiring extra parameters, facilitating the representation of details. Moreover, by marrying adaptive radial bases with grid-based ones, our hybrid combination inherits both adaptivity and interpolation smoothness. We carefully designed weighting schemes to let radial bases adapt to different types of signals effectively. Our experiments on 2D image and 3D signed distance field representation demonstrate the higher accuracy and compactness of our method than prior arts. When applied to neural radiance field reconstruction, our method achieves state-of-the-art rendering quality, with small model size and comparable training speed. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"NeuRBF: A Neural Fields Representation with Adaptive Radial Basis Functions,\" does not explicitly mention the use of anisotropic 3D Gaussians as a scene representation. While the paper discusses the use of general radial basis functions (RBFs) with flexible kernel positions and shapes, it does not specify that these are anisotropic 3D Gaussians. The focus of the paper is on improving spatial adaptivity and signal representation using general radial bases and hybrid combinations with grid-based methods, but there is no indication that anisotropic 3D Gaussians are utilized as the specific scene representation. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works shed light on the correlation between the width of minima and generalization ability?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The title of the paper, \"1 Introduction,\" and the lack of a detailed abstract do not provide any indication that the paper specifically addresses the correlation between the width of minima and generalization ability. Without explicit evidence or content linking the paper to this topic, it cannot be determined that the paper satisfies the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies that apply automatic augmentations in vision through neural architecture search?\nTitle: Population Based Augmentation: Efficient Learning of Augmentation Policy Schedules\nAbstract:  Abstract A key challenge in leveraging data augmentation for neural network training is choosing an effective augmentation policy from a large search space of candidate operations. Properly chosen augmentation policies can lead to significant generalization improvements; however, state-of-the-art approaches such as AutoAugment are computationally infeasible to run for the ordinary user. In this paper, we introduce a new data augmentation algorithm, Population Based Augmentation (PBA), which generates nonstationary augmentation policy schedules instead of a fixed augmentation policy. We show that PBA can match the performance of AutoAugment on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and SVHN, with three orders of magnitude less overall compute. On CIFAR-10 we achieve a mean test error of 1.46%, which is a slight improvement upon the current state-of-the-art. The code for PBA is open source and is available at https://github.com/arcelien/pba. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The paper \"Population Based Augmentation: Efficient Learning of Augmentation Policy Schedules\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper focuses on automatic augmentations in vision (e.g., generating augmentation policy schedules for tasks like CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and SVHN), it does not involve **neural architecture search (NAS)**. The user query specifically asks for studies that apply automatic augmentations in vision **through neural architecture search**, which implies that the augmentation process should be integrated with or guided by NAS. The paper instead uses a population-based optimization approach to learn augmentation policies, which is unrelated to NAS."}
{"input": "User Query: What study discusses the equivalent loss functions between ODE and SDE in a specific setting?\nTitle: Score-Based Generative Modeling through Stochastic Differential Equations\nAbstract:  Abstract Creating noise from data is easy; creating data from noise is generative modeling. We present a stochastic differential equation (SDE) that smoothly transforms a complex data distribution to a known prior distribution by slowly injecting noise, and a corresponding reverse-time SDE that transforms the prior distribution back into the data distribution by slowly removing the noise. Crucially, the reverse-time SDE depends only on the time-dependent gradient field (a.k.a., score) of the perturbed data distribution. By leveraging advances in score-based generative modeling, we can accurately estimate these scores with neural networks, and use numerical SDE solvers to generate samples. We show that this framework encapsulates previous approaches in score-based generative modeling and diffusion probabilistic modeling, allowing for new sampling procedures and new modeling capabilities. In particular, we introduce a predictor-corrector framework to correct errors in the evolution of the discretized reverse-time SDE. We also derive an equivalent neural ODE that samples from the same distribution as the SDE, but additionally enables exact likelihood computation, and improved sampling efficiency. In addition, we provide a new way to solve inverse problems with score-based models, as demonstrated with experiments on class-conditional generation, image inpainting, and colorization. Combined with multiple architectural improvements, we achieve record-breaking performance for unconditional image generation on CIFAR-10 with an Inception score of 9.89 and FID of 2.20, a competitive likelihood of 2.99 bits/dim, and demonstrate high fidelity generation of 1024×1024102410241024\\times 1024 images for the first time from a score-based generative model. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper, \"Score-Based Generative Modeling through Stochastic Differential Equations,\" discusses the relationship between ODEs and SDEs in the context of score-based generative modeling, it does not explicitly focus on or analyze the equivalence of *loss functions* between ODEs and SDEs in a specific setting. The paper primarily introduces a framework for generative modeling using SDEs, derives an equivalent neural ODE for sampling, and explores applications and improvements in generative tasks. However, the query specifically asks for a study that examines the equivalence of loss functions between ODEs and SDEs, which is not the primary focus or contribution of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What research addresses the challenge of significant data imbalance in Graph Anomaly Detection (GAD)?\nTitle: Rethinking Graph Neural Networks for Anomaly Detection\nAbstract:  Abstract Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are widely applied for graph anomaly detection. As one of the key components for GNN design is to select a tailored spectral filter, we take the first step towards analyzing anomalies via the lens of the graph spectrum. Our crucial observation is the existence of anomalies will lead to the ‘right-shift’ phenomenon, that is, the spectral energy distribution concentrates less on low frequencies and more on high frequencies. This fact motivates us to propose the Beta Wavelet Graph Neural Network (BWGNN). Indeed, BWGNN has spectral and spatial localized band-pass filters to better handle the ‘right-shift’ phenomenon in anomalies. We demonstrate the effectiveness of BWGNN on four large-scale anomaly detection datasets. Our code and data are released at https://github.com/squareRoot3/Rethinking-Anomaly-Detection. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Rethinking Graph Neural Networks for Anomaly Detection\" focuses on analyzing anomalies in graph data through the lens of the graph spectrum and proposes a new method, Beta Wavelet Graph Neural Network (BWGNN), to address the \"right-shift\" phenomenon in spectral energy distribution caused by anomalies. However, the abstract does not explicitly address the challenge of **significant data imbalance** in Graph Anomaly Detection (GAD). While the paper may contribute to improving anomaly detection through spectral analysis and tailored filters, it does not discuss or propose solutions specifically targeting the issue of imbalanced data, which is a key aspect of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Any works about formulating efficient guidance strategies for pre-trained diffusion models?\nTitle: Zero-Shot Image Restoration Using Denoising Diffusion Null-Space Model\nAbstract:  Abstract Most existing Image Restoration (IR) models are task-specific, which can not be generalized to different degradation operators. In this work, we propose the Denoising Diffusion Null-Space Model (DDNM), a novel zero-shot framework for arbitrary linear IR problems, including but not limited to image super-resolution, colorization, inpainting, compressed sensing, and deblurring. DDNM only needs a pre-trained off-the-shelf diffusion model as the generative prior, without any extra training or network modifications. By refining only the null-space contents during the reverse diffusion process, we can yield diverse results satisfying both data consistency and realness. We further propose an enhanced and robust version, dubbed DDNM+, to support noisy restoration and improve restoration quality for hard tasks. Our experiments on several IR tasks reveal that DDNM outperforms other state-of-the-art zero-shot IR methods. We also demonstrate that DDNM+ can solve complex real-world applications, e.g., old photo restoration. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Zero-Shot Image Restoration Using Denoising Diffusion Null-Space Model\" primarily focuses on applying pre-trained diffusion models to solve various image restoration tasks in a zero-shot manner. While it discusses the use of a pre-trained diffusion model and introduces a novel framework (DDNM) for refining null-space contents during the reverse diffusion process, the paper does not explicitly address the formulation of efficient guidance strategies for pre-trained diffusion models. The emphasis is on leveraging diffusion models for image restoration tasks rather than developing or optimizing guidance strategies for these models. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide a study that investigated statistical properties of numerical trajectories by modeling numerical round-off errors as small random perturbations?\nTitle: Pseudo-Orbits, Stationary Measures and Metastability\nAbstract: We study random perturbations of multidimensional piecewise expanding maps. We characterize absolutely continuous stationary measures (acsm) of randomly perturbed dynamical systems in terms of pseudo-orbits linking the ergodic components of absolutely invariant measures (acim) of the unperturbed system. We focus on those components, called least-elements, which attract pseudo-orbits. We show that each least element admits a neighbourhood which supports exactly one ergodic acsm of the random system. We use this result to identify random perturbations that exhibit a metastable behavior.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Pseudo-Orbits, Stationary Measures and Metastability,\" focuses on the study of random perturbations in multidimensional piecewise expanding maps and their impact on stationary measures, pseudo-orbits, and metastability. While it does explore random perturbations, the context is mathematical dynamical systems rather than numerical trajectories specifically. The paper does not explicitly address numerical round-off errors or their modeling as small random perturbations, nor does it investigate the statistical properties of numerical trajectories arising from such errors. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research has been done in constrained counting and sampling in the field of neuro-symbolic learning?\nTitle: DeepProbLog: Neural Probabilistic Logic Programming\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce DeepProbLog, a probabilistic logic programming language that incorporates deep learning by means of neural predicates. We show how existing inference and learning techniques can be adapted for the new language. Our experiments demonstrate that DeepProbLog supports   (i) both symbolic and subsymbolic representations and inference,  (ii) program induction,  (iii) probabilistic (logic) programming, and  (iv) (deep) learning from examples.   To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first to propose a framework where general-purpose neural networks and expressive probabilistic-logical modeling and reasoning are integrated in a way that exploits the full expressiveness and strengths of both worlds and can be trained end-to-end based on examples. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"DeepProbLog: Neural Probabilistic Logic Programming\" primarily focuses on integrating probabilistic logic programming with deep learning through neural predicates. While it explores neuro-symbolic learning and probabilistic reasoning, it does not explicitly address the topics of constrained counting or sampling, which are central to the user query. The user query specifically seeks research on constrained counting and sampling in neuro-symbolic learning, but the abstract of this paper does not mention these aspects or provide evidence that these topics are a focus of the work. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works have studied a setting where a leader and a follower interact through a cooperative Stackelberg game?\nTitle: Decentralized Cooperative Reinforcement Learning with Hierarchical Information Structure\nAbstract:  Abstract Multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) problems are challenging due to information asymmetry. To overcome this challenge, existing methods often require high level of coordination or communication between the agents. We consider two-agent multi-armed bandits (MABs) and Markov decision processes (MDPs) with a hierarchical information structure arising in applications, which we exploit to propose simpler and more efficient algorithms that require no coordination or communication. In the structure, in each step the “leader” chooses her action first, and then the “follower” decides his action after observing the leader’s action. The two agents observe the same reward (and the same state transition in the MDP setting) that depends on their joint action. For the bandit setting, we propose a hierarchical bandit algorithm that achieves a near-optimal gap-independent regret of 𝒪~​(A​B​T)~𝒪𝐴𝐵𝑇\\widetilde{\\mathcal{O}}(\\sqrt{ABT}) and a near-optimal gap-dependent regret of 𝒪​(log⁡(T))𝒪𝑇\\mathcal{O}(\\log(T)), where A𝐴A and B𝐵B are the numbers of actions of the leader and the follower, respectively, and T𝑇T is the number of steps. We further extend to the case of multiple followers and the case with a deep hierarchy, where we both obtain near-optimal regret bounds. For the MDP setting, we obtain 𝒪~​(H7​S2​A​B​T)~𝒪superscript𝐻7superscript𝑆2𝐴𝐵𝑇\\widetilde{\\mathcal{O}}(\\sqrt{H^{7}S^{2}ABT}) regret, where H𝐻H is the number of steps per episode, S𝑆S is the number of states, T𝑇T is the number of episodes. This matches the existing lower bound in terms of A,B𝐴𝐵A,B, and T𝑇T. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper studies a hierarchical interaction between a leader and a follower in multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) settings, specifically in multi-armed bandits (MABs) and Markov decision processes (MDPs). While the paper describes a leader-follower structure where the leader acts first and the follower observes the leader's action before deciding their own, it does not explicitly frame this interaction as a *cooperative Stackelberg game*. A cooperative Stackelberg game typically involves a leader-follower dynamic with a specific focus on optimizing joint objectives under the Stackelberg framework. The paper instead focuses on hierarchical information structures and regret minimization in MARL, which, while related, does not fully satisfy the requirement of studying a cooperative Stackelberg game."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works that focus on studying transfer when pre-training with a contrastive objective?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided information about the paper is insufficient to determine whether it focuses on studying transfer when pre-training with a contrastive objective. The title \"1 Introduction\" and the lack of a detailed abstract or content relevant to the query do not provide any evidence that the paper addresses the topic of transfer learning in the context of contrastive pre-training."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you list works that offered provable guarantees for learning neural networks in super-polynomial time?\nTitle: Learning Neural Networks with Two Nonlinear Layers in Polynomial Time\nAbstract:  Abstract We give a polynomial-time algorithm for learning neural networks with one layer of sigmoids feeding into any Lipschitz, monotone activation function (e.g., sigmoid or ReLU). We make no assumptions on the structure of the network, and the algorithm succeeds with respect to any distribution on the unit ball in n𝑛n dimensions (hidden weight vectors also have unit norm). This is the first assumption-free, provably efficient algorithm for learning neural networks with two nonlinear layers. Our algorithm– Alphatron– is a simple, iterative update rule that combines isotonic regression with kernel methods. It outputs a hypothesis that yields efficient oracle access to interpretable features. It also suggests a new approach to Boolean learning problems via real-valued conditional-mean functions, sidestepping traditional hardness results from computational learning theory. Along these lines, we subsume and improve many longstanding results for PAC learning Boolean functions to the more general, real-valued setting of probabilistic concepts, a model that (unlike PAC learning) requires non-i.i.d. noise-tolerance. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper provides a **polynomial-time algorithm** for learning neural networks with two nonlinear layers, as explicitly stated in the title and abstract. The user query specifically asks for works that offer provable guarantees for learning neural networks in **super-polynomial time**. Since this paper focuses on a polynomial-time algorithm, it does not satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works have been applied to generating new motions by recombining primitive actions?\nTitle: CARL: Controllable Agent with Reinforcement Learning for Quadruped Locomotion\nAbstract:  Abstract. Motion synthesis in a dynamic environment has been a long-standing problem for character animation. Methods using motion capture data tend to scale poorly in complex environments because of their larger capturing and labeling requirement. Physics-based controllers are effective in this regard, albeit less controllable. In this paper, we present CARL, a quadruped agent that can be controlled with high-level directives and react naturally to dynamic environments. Starting with an agent that can imitate individual animation clips, we use Generative Adversarial Networks to adapt high-level controls, such as speed and heading, to action distributions that correspond to the original animations. Further fine-tuning through the deep reinforcement learning enables the agent to recover from unseen external perturbations while producing smooth transitions. It then becomes straightforward to create autonomous agents in dynamic environments by adding navigation modules over the entire process. We evaluate our approach by measuring the agent’s ability to follow user control and provide a visual analysis of the generated motion to show its effectiveness. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper titled \"CARL: Controllable Agent with Reinforcement Learning for Quadruped Locomotion\" focuses on generating motion for a quadruped agent by imitating animation clips, adapting high-level controls using Generative Adversarial Networks, and fine-tuning with deep reinforcement learning. However, it does not explicitly mention generating new motions by recombining primitive actions. Instead, the approach relies on imitating existing animations and adapting them to high-level controls, which is not the same as recombining primitive actions to create new motions. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the studies using Transformer in sequence-to-sequence modeling for land-cover mapping?\nTitle: Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer using Shifted Windows\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper presents a new vision Transformer, called Swin Transformer, that capably serves as a general-purpose backbone for computer vision. Challenges in adapting Transformer from language to vision arise from differences between the two domains, such as large variations in the scale of visual entities and the high resolution of pixels in images compared to words in text. To address these differences, we propose a hierarchical Transformer whose representation is computed with Shifted windows. The shifted windowing scheme brings greater efficiency by limiting self-attention computation to non-overlapping local windows while also allowing for cross-window connection. This hierarchical architecture has the flexibility to model at various scales and has linear computational complexity with respect to image size. These qualities of Swin Transformer make it compatible with a broad range of vision tasks, including image classification (87.3 top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K) and dense prediction tasks such as object detection (58.7 box AP and 51.1 mask AP on COCO test-dev) and semantic segmentation (53.5 mIoU on ADE20K val). Its performance surpasses the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin of +2.7 box AP and +2.6 mask AP on COCO, and +3.2 mIoU on ADE20K, demonstrating the potential of Transformer-based models as vision backbones. The hierarchical design and the shifted window approach also prove beneficial for all-MLP architectures. The code and models are publicly available at https://github.com/microsoft/Swin-Transformer. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer using Shifted Windows\" focuses on the development of a vision Transformer model, Swin Transformer, which is designed as a general-purpose backbone for computer vision tasks such as image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation. While it discusses the use of Transformers in vision tasks and proposes a novel architecture, it does not specifically address sequence-to-sequence modeling or its application in land-cover mapping. The user query explicitly seeks studies that use Transformers in sequence-to-sequence modeling for land-cover mapping, which is not the focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers have contributed to the knowledge of mixtures of time series and trajectories in various domains?\nTitle: Toeplitz Inverse Covariance-Based Clustering of Multivariate Time Series Data\nAbstract:  Abstract. Subsequence clustering of multivariate time series is a useful tool for discovering repeated patterns in temporal data. Once these patterns have been discovered, seemingly complicated datasets can be interpreted as a temporal sequence of only a small number of states, or clusters. For example, raw sensor data from a fitness-tracking application can be expressed as a timeline of a select few actions (i.e., walking, sitting, running). However, discovering these patterns is challenging because it requires simultaneous segmentation and clustering of the time series. Furthermore, interpreting the resulting clusters is difficult, especially when the data is high-dimensional. Here we propose a new method of model-based clustering, which we call Toeplitz Inverse Covariance-based Clustering (TICC). Each cluster in the TICC method is defined by a correlation network, or Markov random field (MRF), characterizing the interdependencies between different observations in a typical subsequence of that cluster. Based on this graphical representation, TICC simultaneously segments and clusters the time series data. We solve the TICC problem through alternating minimization, using a variation of the expectation maximization (EM) algorithm. We derive closed-form solutions to efficiently solve the two resulting subproblems in a scalable way, through dynamic programming and the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM), respectively. We validate our approach by comparing TICC to several state-of-the-art baselines in a series of synthetic experiments, and we then demonstrate on an automobile sensor dataset how TICC can be used to learn interpretable clusters in real-world scenarios. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"Toeplitz Inverse Covariance-Based Clustering of Multivariate Time Series Data\" contributes to the knowledge of clustering and segmentation of multivariate time series data, it does not explicitly address or contribute to the concept of \"mixtures of time series and trajectories in various domains.\" The focus of the paper is on discovering patterns in time series through clustering and segmentation using the TICC method, rather than exploring or modeling mixtures of time series and trajectories. Additionally, the paper does not discuss or analyze trajectories as a distinct concept, nor does it explore the integration of time series and trajectories across various domains. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research provided fine-tuning model editors using KL-divergence?\nTitle: Fast Model Editing at Scale\nAbstract:  Abstract While large pre-trained models have enabled impressive results on a variety of downstream tasks, the largest existing models still make errors, and even accurate predictions may become outdated over time. Because detecting all such failures at training time is impossible, enabling both developers and end users of such models to correct inaccurate outputs while leaving the model otherwise intact is desirable. However, the distributed, black-box nature of the representations learned by large neural networks makes producing such targeted edits difficult. If presented with only a single problematic input and new desired output, fine-tuning approaches tend to overfit; other editing algorithms are either computationally infeasible or simply ineffective when applied to very large models. To enable easy post-hoc editing at scale, we propose Model Editor Networks with Gradient Decomposition (MEND), a collection of small auxiliary editing networks that use a single desired input-output pair to make fast, local edits to a pre-trained model’s behavior. MEND learns to transform the gradient obtained by standard fine-tuning, using a low-rank decomposition of the gradient to make the parameterization of this transformation tractable. MEND can be trained on a single GPU in less than a day even for 10 billion+ parameter models; once trained MEND enables rapid application of new edits to the pre-trained model. Our experiments with T5, GPT, BERT, and BART models show that MEND is the only approach to model editing that effectively edits the behavior of models with more than 10 billion parameters. Code and data available at https://sites.google.com/view/mend-editing. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The searched paper, \"Fast Model Editing at Scale,\" introduces Model Editor Networks with Gradient Decomposition (MEND) as a method for making fast, local edits to pre-trained models. The approach focuses on transforming gradients obtained from standard fine-tuning using a low-rank decomposition to enable efficient and scalable model editing. However, the abstract does not mention the use of **KL-divergence** as part of the fine-tuning or model editing process. The user query specifically asks for research that utilizes KL-divergence in fine-tuning model editors, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement based on the provided abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers first reported linear correlations in dataset reconstruction settings?\nTitle: Do CIFAR-10 Classifiers Generalize to CIFAR-10?\nAbstract:  Abstract Machine learning is currently dominated by largely experimental work focused on improvements in a few key tasks. However, the impressive accuracy numbers of the best performing models are questionable because the same test sets have been used to select these models for multiple years now. To understand the danger of overfitting, we measure the accuracy of CIFAR-10 classifiers by creating a new test set of truly unseen images. Although we ensure that the new test set is as close to the original data distribution as possible, we find a large drop in accuracy (4% to 10%) for a broad range of deep learning models. Yet, more recent models with higher original accuracy show a smaller drop and better overall performance, indicating that this drop is likely not due to overfitting based on adaptivity. Instead, we view our results as evidence that current accuracy numbers are brittle and susceptible to even minute natural variations in the data distribution. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Do CIFAR-10 Classifiers Generalize to CIFAR-10?\", focuses on evaluating the generalization of CIFAR-10 classifiers by introducing a new test set and measuring accuracy drops due to potential overfitting or distributional shifts. The paper does not discuss or report findings related to linear correlations in dataset reconstruction settings. Instead, it is centered on generalization and robustness of classifiers, which is unrelated to the specific topic of dataset reconstruction and linear correlations. Therefore, the paper does not satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some research about instruction-tuning VLMs?\nTitle: Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF\nAbstract:  Abstract Large Multimodal Models (LMM) are built across modalities and the misalignment between two modalities can result in “hallucination”, generating textual outputs that are not grounded by the multimodal information in context. To address the multimodal misalignment issue, we adapt the Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF) from the text domain to the task of vision-language alignment, where human annotators are asked to compare two responses and pinpoint the more hallucinated one, and the vision-language model is trained to maximize the simulated human rewards. We propose a new alignment algorithm called Factually Augmented RLHF that augments the reward model with additional factual information such as image captions and ground-truth multi-choice options, which alleviates the reward hacking phenomenon in RLHF and further improves the performance. We also enhance the GPT-4-generated training data (for vision instruction tuning) with previously available human-written image-text pairs to improve the general capabilities of our model. To evaluate the proposed approach in real-world scenarios, we develop a new evaluation benchmark MMHal-Bench with a special focus on penalizing hallucinations. As the first LMM trained with RLHF, our approach achieves remarkable improvement on the LLaVA-Bench dataset with the 94% performance level of the text-only GPT-4 (while previous best methods can only achieve the 87% level), and an improvement by 60% on MMHal-Bench over other baselines. We opensource our code, model, data at https://llava-rlhf.github.io. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF\" primarily focuses on addressing multimodal misalignment and hallucination in large multimodal models (LMMs) using Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF). While it mentions enhancing training data for vision instruction tuning, the core focus of the paper is not on instruction-tuning vision-language models (VLMs) specifically. Instead, it emphasizes RLHF techniques, factual augmentation, and evaluation benchmarks for hallucination reduction. The user query specifically requests research on instruction-tuning VLMs, and this paper does not fully satisfy that requirement as its primary contribution lies elsewhere."}
{"input": "User Query: What work proposed the Planning KL Divergence (PKL) metric used in task-aware motion prediction?\nTitle: Learning to Evaluate Perception Models Using Planner-Centric Metrics\nAbstract:  Abstract Variants of accuracy and precision are the gold-standard by which the computer vision community measures progress of perception algorithms. One reason for the ubiquity of these metrics is that they are largely task-agnostic; we in general seek to detect zero false negatives or positives. The downside of these metrics is that, at worst, they penalize all incorrect detections equally without conditioning on the task or scene, and at best, heuristics need to be chosen to ensure that different mistakes count differently. In this paper, we propose a principled metric for 3D object detection specifically for the task of self-driving. The core idea behind our metric is to isolate the task of object detection and measure the impact the produced detections would induce on the downstream task of driving. Without hand-designing it to, we find that our metric penalizes many of the mistakes that other metrics penalize by design. In addition, our metric downweighs detections based on additional factors such as distance from a detection to the ego car and the speed of the detection in intuitive ways that other detection metrics do not. For human evaluation, we generate scenes in which standard metrics and our metric disagree and find that humans side with our metric 79% of the time. Our project page including an evaluation server can be found at https://nv-tlabs.github.io/detection-relevance. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"Learning to Evaluate Perception Models Using Planner-Centric Metrics\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the abstract discusses a planner-centric metric for evaluating 3D object detection in the context of self-driving, it does not explicitly mention the Planning KL Divergence (PKL) metric or its application in task-aware motion prediction. The focus of the paper is on evaluating perception models and their impact on downstream tasks like driving, but there is no evidence in the abstract that it proposes the PKL metric or addresses task-aware motion prediction specifically."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers worked on learning a general representation across multiple and possibly unseen tasks and environments?\nTitle: Model soups: averaging weights of multiple fine-tuned models improves accuracy without increasing inference time\nAbstract:  Abstract The conventional recipe for maximizing model accuracy is to (1) train multiple models with various hyperparameters and (2) pick the individual model which performs best on a held-out validation set, discarding the remainder. In this paper, we revisit the second step of this procedure in the context of fine-tuning large pre-trained models, where fine-tuned models often appear to lie in a single low error basin. We show that averaging the weights of multiple models fine-tuned with different hyperparameter configurations often improves accuracy and robustness. Unlike a conventional ensemble, we may average many models without incurring any additional inference or memory costs—we call the results “model soups.” When fine-tuning large pre-trained models such as CLIP, ALIGN, and a ViT-G pre-trained on JFT, our soup recipe provides significant improvements over the best model in a hyperparameter sweep on ImageNet. The resulting ViT-G model, which attains 90.94% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, achieved a new state of the art. Furthermore, we show that the model soup approach extends to multiple image classification and natural language processing tasks, improves out-of-distribution performance, and improves zero-shot performance on new downstream tasks. Finally, we analytically relate the performance similarity of weight-averaging and logit-ensembling to flatness of the loss and confidence of the predictions, and validate this relation empirically. Code is available at https://github.com/mlfoundations/model-soups. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Model soups: averaging weights of multiple fine-tuned models improves accuracy without increasing inference time\" explores methods for improving model accuracy and robustness by averaging the weights of fine-tuned models, its primary focus is not on learning a general representation across multiple and possibly unseen tasks and environments. The paper discusses fine-tuning large pre-trained models and improving performance on specific tasks (e.g., ImageNet classification) and out-of-distribution robustness. Although it mentions improvements in zero-shot performance on new downstream tasks, this is a secondary result rather than the main focus of the research. The paper does not explicitly aim to develop or evaluate methods for learning a general representation applicable across a wide range of tasks and environments, which is the core requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research works showed that CTC models are effective in speech-to-text generation tasks without a decoder?\nTitle: A Comparative Study on Non-Autoregressive Modelings for Speech-to-Text Generation\nAbstract:  Abstract Non-autoregressive (NAR) models simultaneously generate multiple outputs in a sequence, which significantly reduces the inference speed at the cost of accuracy drop compared to autoregressive baselines. Showing great potential for real-time applications, an increasing number of NAR models have been explored in different fields to mitigate the performance gap against AR models. In this work, we conduct a comparative study of various NAR modeling methods for end-to-end automatic speech recognition (ASR). Experiments are performed in the state-of-the-art setting using ESPnet. The results on various tasks provide interesting findings for developing an understanding of NAR ASR, such as the accuracy-speed trade-off and robustness against long-form utterances. We also show that the techniques can be combined for further improvement and applied to NAR end-to-end speech translation. All the implementations are publicly available to encourage further research in NAR speech processing. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on a comparative study of non-autoregressive (NAR) models for speech-to-text generation, discussing their accuracy-speed trade-offs, robustness, and potential for real-time applications. While it explores various NAR modeling methods, the abstract does not explicitly mention the effectiveness of CTC (Connectionist Temporal Classification) models specifically in speech-to-text generation tasks without a decoder. The user query specifically seeks research works that demonstrate the effectiveness of CTC models in such a context, and the provided paper does not address this requirement directly. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies proposed iterative methods in stereo matching?\nTitle: RAFT: Recurrent All-Pairs Field Transforms for Optical Flow\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce Recurrent All-Pairs Field Transforms (RAFT), a new deep network architecture for optical flow. RAFT extracts per-pixel features, builds multi-scale 4D correlation volumes for all pairs of pixels, and iteratively updates a flow field through a recurrent unit that performs lookups on the correlation volumes. RAFT achieves state-of-the-art performance. On KITTI, RAFT achieves an F1-all error of 5.10%, a 16% error reduction from the best published result (6.10%). On Sintel (final pass), RAFT obtains an end-point-error of 2.855 pixels, a 30% error reduction from the best published result (4.098 pixels). In addition, RAFT has strong cross-dataset generalization as well as high efficiency in inference time, training speed, and parameter count. Code is available at https://github.com/princeton-vl/RAFT. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"RAFT: Recurrent All-Pairs Field Transforms for Optical Flow,\" focuses on iterative methods for optical flow estimation, not stereo matching. While the paper does discuss iterative methods, it is specifically applied to the task of optical flow, which is different from stereo matching. Stereo matching involves estimating depth or disparity between two stereo images, whereas optical flow involves estimating motion between consecutive frames. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query, which specifically asks for studies proposing iterative methods in stereo matching."}
{"input": "User Query: What researches have been conducted on context-agnostic learning and its impacts on training performance and generalization ability over a distribution of tasks?\nTitle: Contextualize Me – The Case for Context in Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract ††∗ Equal Contribution While  Reinforcement Learning (RL) has made great strides towards solving increasingly complicated problems, many algorithms are still brittle to even slight environmental changes.  Contextual Reinforcement Learning (cRL) provides a framework to model such changes in a principled manner, thereby enabling flexible, precise and interpretable task specification and generation. Our goal is to show how the framework of cRL contributes to improving zero-shot generalization in RL through meaningful benchmarks and structured reasoning about generalization tasks. We confirm the insight that optimal behavior in cRL requires context information,  as in other related areas of partial observability. To empirically validate this in the cRL framework, we provide various context-extended versions of common RL environments. They are part of the first benchmark library, CARL, designed for generalization based on cRL extensions of popular benchmarks, which we propose as a testbed to further study general agents. We show that in the contextual setting, even simple RL environments become challenging - and that naive solutions are not enough to generalize across complex context spaces. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on *contextual reinforcement learning (cRL)* and how incorporating context into reinforcement learning tasks can improve generalization and performance. The paper emphasizes the importance of context in RL, introduces benchmarks for studying generalization in contextual settings, and demonstrates that optimal behavior in cRL requires context information. However, the user query specifically asks about *context-agnostic learning* and its impacts on training performance and generalization ability over a distribution of tasks. The paper does not address context-agnostic learning or analyze its effects on training or generalization. Instead, it argues for the necessity of context and studies the benefits of incorporating it, which is the opposite of the user's focus."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works show that Physics-informed neural networks (PINNs) can accurately solve PDEs?\nTitle: Implicit Neural Representations with Periodic Activation Functions\nAbstract:  Abstract Implicitly defined, continuous, differentiable signal representations parameterized by neural networks have emerged as a powerful paradigm, offering many possible benefits over conventional representations. However, current network architectures for such implicit neural representations are incapable of modeling signals with fine detail, and fail to represent a signal’s spatial and temporal derivatives, despite the fact that these are essential to many physical signals defined implicitly as the solution to partial differential equations. We propose to leverage periodic activation functions for implicit neural representations and demonstrate that these networks, dubbed sinusoidal representation networks or sirens, are ideally suited for representing complex natural signals and their derivatives. We analyze siren activation statistics to propose a principled initialization scheme and demonstrate the representation of images, wavefields, video, sound, and their derivatives. Further, we show how sirens can be leveraged to solve challenging boundary value problems, such as particular Eikonal equations (yielding signed distance functions), the Poisson equation, and the Helmholtz and wave equations. Lastly, we combine sirens with hypernetworks to learn priors over the space of siren functions. Please see the project website for a video overview of the proposed method and all applications. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses the use of sinusoidal representation networks (SIRENs) for solving partial differential equations (PDEs) and boundary value problems, it does not specifically focus on Physics-Informed Neural Networks (PINNs). PINNs are a distinct framework that incorporates physical laws (in the form of PDEs) directly into the loss function during training. The paper instead explores implicit neural representations with periodic activation functions and their ability to represent signals and solve certain PDEs. Therefore, while related to solving PDEs, the paper does not address the specific framework of PINNs or demonstrate their accuracy in solving PDEs."}
{"input": "User Query: In the field of continual learning, what works often consider the setting where a model learns a sequence of tasks and seeks to learn new tasks as fast as possible without forgetting previous tasks?\nTitle: Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks\nAbstract:  Abstract The ability to learn tasks in a sequential fashion is crucial to the development of artificial intelligence. Neural networks are not, in general, capable of this and it has been widely thought that catastrophic forgetting is an inevitable feature of connectionist models. We show that it is possible to overcome this limitation and train networks that can maintain expertise on tasks which they have not experienced for a long time. Our approach remembers old tasks by selectively slowing down learning on the weights important for those tasks. We demonstrate our approach is scalable and effective by solving a set of classification tasks based on the MNIST hand written digit dataset and by learning several Atari 2600 games sequentially. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks\" addresses the problem of catastrophic forgetting in neural networks and demonstrates a method for retaining expertise on previously learned tasks while learning new tasks, it does not explicitly focus on the aspect of learning new tasks *as fast as possible*. The paper's primary contribution is in mitigating forgetting by selectively slowing down learning on weights important for previous tasks, rather than optimizing the speed of learning new tasks. Therefore, while the paper is relevant to continual learning, it does not fully satisfy the specific requirement of the user query, which emphasizes both retaining previous knowledge and learning new tasks quickly."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about using Large Language Models (LLMs) in building generalist VL models?\nTitle: LLaMA: Open and Efficient Foundation Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce LLaMA, a collection of foundation language models ranging from 7B to 65B parameters. We train our models on trillions of tokens, and show that it is possible to train state-of-the-art models using publicly available datasets exclusively, without resorting to proprietary and inaccessible datasets. In particular, LLaMA-13B outperforms GPT-3 (175B) on most benchmarks, and LLaMA-65B is competitive with the best models, Chinchilla-70B and PaLM-540B. We release all our models to the research community111https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"LLaMA: Open and Efficient Foundation Language Models\" focuses on the development and performance of foundation language models (LLMs) such as LLaMA, which are trained on text data and evaluated on language-related benchmarks. However, the user query specifically asks for studies about using LLMs in building generalist vision-language (VL) models. The abstract of the LLaMA paper does not mention any application or integration of LLMs in vision-language tasks, nor does it discuss building generalist VL models. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers talk about Multimodal Large Language Models (MLLMs) and the techniques they use for aligning vision and language modalities?\nTitle: LLaMA-Adapter: Efficient Fine-tuning of Language Models with Zero-init Attention\nAbstract:  Abstract We present LLaMA-Adapter, a lightweight adaption method to efficiently fine-tune LLaMA into an instruction-following model. Using 52K self-instruct demonstrations, LLaMA-Adapter only introduces 1.2M learnable parameters upon the frozen LLaMA 7B model, and costs less than one hour for fine-tuning on 8 A100 GPUs. Specifically, we adopt a set of learnable adaption prompts, and prepend them to the word tokens at higher transformer layers. Then, a zero-initialized attention mechanism with zero gating is proposed, which adaptively injects the new instructional cues into LLaMA, while effectively preserves its pre-trained knowledge. With our efficient training, LLaMA-Adapter can generate high-quality responses, comparable to Alpaca with fully fine-tuned 7B parameters. Besides language commands, our approach can be simply extended to multi-modal instructions for learning image-conditioned LLaMA model, which achieves superior reasoning performance on ScienceQA and COCO Caption benchmarks. Furthermore, we also evaluate the zero-initialized attention mechanism for fine-tuning other pre-trained models (ViT, RoBERTa) on traditional vision and language tasks, demonstrating the superior generalization capacity of our approach. Code is released at https://github.com/OpenGVLab/LLaMA-Adapter. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"LLaMA-Adapter: Efficient Fine-tuning of Language Models with Zero-init Attention\" mentions the extension of their approach to multi-modal instructions and discusses learning an image-conditioned LLaMA model, the primary focus of the paper is on efficient fine-tuning of language models (LLaMA) using a lightweight adaptation method. The abstract briefly mentions multi-modal instructions and evaluates performance on benchmarks like ScienceQA and COCO Caption, but it does not provide detailed techniques or methods specifically for aligning vision and language modalities. The emphasis is on the fine-tuning mechanism (zero-initialized attention) rather than a comprehensive exploration of multimodal large language models or their alignment techniques. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any papers that explain the use of a majority-vote classifier in the field of FactorScore?\nTitle: Disentangling by Factorising\nAbstract:  Abstract We define and address the problem of unsupervised learning of disentangled representations on data generated from independent factors of variation. We propose FactorVAE, a method that disentangles by encouraging the distribution of representations to be factorial and hence independent across the dimensions. We show that it improves upon β𝛽\\beta-VAE by providing a better trade-off between disentanglement and reconstruction quality. Moreover, we highlight the problems of a commonly used disentanglement metric and introduce a new metric that does not suffer from them. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"Disentangling by Factorising\" does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. The paper focuses on unsupervised learning of disentangled representations and introduces FactorVAE, which aims to improve upon β-VAE by encouraging factorial distributions. It discusses disentanglement metrics and representation learning but does not mention or explain the use of a majority-vote classifier, nor does it address the specific field of FactorScore. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria specified in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers employed convolutional neural networks for camera-based ReID?\nTitle: Deep Learning for Person Re-identification: A Survey and Outlook\nAbstract:  Abstract Person re-identification (Re-ID) aims at retrieving a person of interest across multiple non-overlapping cameras. With the advancement of deep neural networks and increasing demand of intelligent video surveillance, it has gained significantly increased interest in the computer vision community. By dissecting the involved components in developing a person Re-ID system, we categorize it into the closed-world and open-world settings. The widely studied closed-world setting is usually applied under various research-oriented assumptions, and has achieved inspiring success using deep learning techniques on a number of datasets. We first conduct a comprehensive overview with in-depth analysis for closed-world person Re-ID from three different perspectives, including deep feature representation learning, deep metric learning and ranking optimization. With the performance saturation under closed-world setting, the research focus for person Re-ID has recently shifted to the open-world setting, facing more challenging issues. This setting is closer to practical applications under specific scenarios. We summarize the open-world Re-ID in terms of five different aspects. By analyzing the advantages of existing methods, we design a powerful AGW baseline, achieving state-of-the-art or at least comparable performance on twelve datasets for FOUR different Re-ID tasks. Meanwhile, we introduce a new evaluation metric (mINP) for person Re-ID, indicating the cost for finding all the correct matches, which provides an additional criteria to evaluate the Re-ID system for real applications. Finally, some important yet under-investigated open issues are discussed. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Deep Learning for Person Re-identification: A Survey and Outlook\"* is a survey paper that provides a comprehensive overview of person re-identification (ReID) techniques, including those based on deep learning. While it discusses various methods and advancements in the field, including deep feature representation learning, it does not explicitly state that it employs convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for camera-based ReID. Instead, it focuses on summarizing and analyzing existing methods and designing a baseline (AGW) for evaluation purposes. The user query specifically asks for papers that employed CNNs for camera-based ReID, and this paper does not directly satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me a work that provides a benchmark for pointwise lpsubscript𝑙𝑝l_{p}-robustness of neural networks?\nTitle: Reliable Evaluation of Adversarial Robustness with an Ensemble of Diverse Parameter-free Attacks\nAbstract:  Abstract The field of defense strategies against adversarial attacks has significantly grown over the last years, but progress is hampered as the evaluation of adversarial defenses is often insufficient and thus gives a wrong impression of robustness. Many promising defenses could be broken later on, making it difficult to identify the state-of-the-art. Frequent pitfalls in the evaluation are improper tuning of hyperparameters of the attacks, gradient obfuscation or masking. In this paper we first propose two extensions of the PGD-attack overcoming failures due to suboptimal step size and problems of the objective function. We then combine our novel attacks with two complementary existing ones to form a parameter-free, computationally affordable and user-independent ensemble of attacks to test adversarial robustness. We apply our ensemble to over 50 models from papers published at recent top machine learning and computer vision venues. In all except one of the cases we achieve lower robust test accuracy than reported in these papers, often by more than 10%percent1010\\%, identifying several broken defenses. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on evaluating adversarial robustness using an ensemble of parameter-free attacks and identifying flaws in existing defenses. While it discusses adversarial robustness and proposes methods to assess it, the paper does not explicitly provide a benchmark for pointwise \\( l_p \\)-robustness of neural networks. A benchmark would typically involve a standardized dataset, evaluation protocol, or framework specifically designed to measure \\( l_p \\)-robustness for individual points. The paper instead emphasizes the evaluation of robustness through diverse attacks and does not meet the specific requirement of providing a benchmark for pointwise \\( l_p \\)-robustness."}
{"input": "User Query: What work first proved the possibility of achieving good object detection and panoptic segmentation results using an end-to-end set prediction network based on mask classification?\nTitle: End-to-End Object Detection with Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a new method that views object detection as a direct set prediction problem. Our approach streamlines the detection pipeline, effectively removing the need for many hand-designed components like a non-maximum suppression procedure or anchor generation that explicitly encode our prior knowledge about the task. The main ingredients of the new framework, called DEtection TRansformer or DETR, are a set-based global loss that forces unique predictions via bipartite matching, and a transformer encoder-decoder architecture. Given a fixed small set of learned object queries, DETR reasons about the relations of the objects and the global image context to directly output the final set of predictions in parallel. The new model is conceptually simple and does not require a specialized library, unlike many other modern detectors. DETR demonstrates accuracy and run-time performance on par with the well-established and highly-optimized Faster R-CNN baseline on the challenging COCO object detection dataset. Moreover, DETR can be easily generalized to produce panoptic segmentation in a unified manner. We show that it significantly outperforms competitive baselines. Training code and pretrained models are available at https://github.com/facebookresearch/detr. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"End-to-End Object Detection with Transformers,\" introduces DETR, a method that views object detection as a direct set prediction problem using a transformer-based architecture. While the paper demonstrates the potential of achieving good object detection and panoptic segmentation results using an end-to-end set prediction network, it does not focus on or explicitly use **mask classification** as a core component of its approach. Instead, DETR relies on a set-based global loss with bipartite matching and transformer-based reasoning. The user query specifically asks for work that achieves these results using a set prediction network based on **mask classification**, which is not the focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research demonstrated that gradient descent converges to the minimum ℓ2-norm solutions in linear regression problems?\nTitle: Characterizing Implicit Bias in Terms of Optimization Geometry\nAbstract:  Abstract We study the implicit bias of generic optimization methods, such as mirror descent, natural gradient descent, and steepest descent with respect to different potentials and norms, when optimizing underdetermined linear regression or separable linear classification problems. We explore the question of whether the specific global minimum (among the many possible global minima) reached by an algorithm can be characterized in terms of the potential or norm of the optimization geometry, and independently of hyperparameter choices such as step-size and momentum. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled *\"Characterizing Implicit Bias in Terms of Optimization Geometry\"*, investigates the implicit bias of various optimization methods, including gradient descent, in terms of optimization geometry. While it does explore the behavior of optimization algorithms in underdetermined linear regression problems, the abstract does not explicitly state that it demonstrates the specific result that gradient descent converges to the minimum ℓ2-norm solution in linear regression problems. The focus of the paper appears to be broader, addressing the implicit bias of different optimization methods and their dependence on optimization geometry rather than providing a direct proof or demonstration of the specific behavior of gradient descent in the context of minimum ℓ2-norm solutions. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Any studies proposed hyperbolic kernel SVM for nonlinear classification without resorting to ill-fitting tools developed for Euclidean space?\nTitle: Large-Margin Classification in Hyperbolic Space\nAbstract:  Abstract Representing data in hyperbolic space can effectively capture latent hierarchical relationships. With the goal of enabling accurate classification of points in hyperbolic space while respecting their hyperbolic geometry, we introduce hyperbolic SVM111 A MATLAB implementation of hyperbolic SVM and our benchmark datasets are provided at: https://github.com/hhcho/hyplinear., a hyperbolic formulation of support vector machine classifiers, and elucidate through new theoretical work its connection to the Euclidean counterpart. We demonstrate the performance improvement of hyperbolic SVM for multi-class prediction tasks on real-world complex networks as well as simulated datasets. Our work allows analytic pipelines that take the inherent hyperbolic geometry of the data into account in an end-to-end fashion without resorting to ill-fitting tools developed for Euclidean space. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"Large-Margin Classification in Hyperbolic Space\" introduces a hyperbolic formulation of SVM classifiers and emphasizes respecting hyperbolic geometry without resorting to Euclidean tools, the abstract does not explicitly mention the use of **hyperbolic kernel SVM** for **nonlinear classification**. The paper appears to focus on a general hyperbolic SVM formulation and its application to classification tasks, but it does not specify the use of kernel methods, which are crucial for nonlinear classification. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query, which specifically seeks studies on hyperbolic **kernel** SVMs for nonlinear classification."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers reported the extensions of the SI framework in biology, network effects, and intervening under incentives?\nTitle: Incentive-Aware Synthetic Control: Accurate Counterfactual Estimation via Incentivized Exploration\nAbstract:  Abstract We consider the setting of synthetic control methods (SCMs), a canonical approach used to estimate the treatment effect on the treated in a panel data setting. We shed light on a frequently overlooked but ubiquitous assumption made in SCMs of “overlap”: a treated unit can be written as some combination—typically, convex or linear combination—of the units that remain under control. We show that if units select their own interventions, and there is sufficiently large heterogeneity between units that prefer different interventions, overlap will not hold. We address this issue by proposing a framework which incentivizes units with different preferences to take interventions they would not normally consider. Specifically, leveraging tools from information design and online learning, we propose a SCM that incentivizes exploration in panel data settings by providing incentive-compatible intervention recommendations to units. We establish this estimator obtains valid counterfactual estimates without the need for an a priori overlap assumption. We extend our results to the setting of synthetic interventions, where the goal is to produce counterfactual outcomes under all interventions, not just control. Finally, we provide two hypothesis tests for determining whether unit overlap holds for a given panel dataset. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper, titled \"Incentive-Aware Synthetic Control: Accurate Counterfactual Estimation via Incentivized Exploration,\" focuses on extending synthetic control methods (SCMs) by addressing the issue of overlap when units select their own interventions. It proposes a framework for incentivizing exploration in panel data settings to improve counterfactual estimation. While the paper discusses intervening under incentives and provides a methodological extension, it does not address the SI (Synthetic Interventions) framework specifically in the context of biology or network effects. The user query explicitly asks for extensions of the SI framework in biology, network effects, and intervening under incentives, and this paper only partially aligns with the query by discussing incentives but lacks coverage of biology and network effects. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works discuss recalibration methods and prediction sets?\nTitle: On Calibration of Modern Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Confidence calibration – the problem of predicting probability estimates representative of the true correctness likelihood – is important for classification models in many applications. We discover that modern neural networks, unlike those from a decade ago, are poorly calibrated. Through extensive experiments, we observe that depth, width, weight decay, and Batch Normalization are important factors influencing calibration. We evaluate the performance of various post-processing calibration methods on state-of-the-art architectures with image and document classification datasets. Our analysis and experiments not only offer insights into neural network learning, but also provide a simple and straightforward recipe for practical settings: on most datasets, temperature scaling – a single-parameter variant of Platt Scaling – is surprisingly effective at calibrating predictions. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on confidence calibration of modern neural networks and evaluates post-processing calibration methods, such as temperature scaling, to improve the reliability of predicted probabilities. While it discusses recalibration methods (e.g., temperature scaling), it does not address prediction sets, which are a specific concept often related to uncertainty quantification and conformal prediction. Since the user query explicitly asks for works discussing both recalibration methods and prediction sets, this paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide the references where transformers-based language models have been used to solve hypothesis classification?\nTitle: Transformers as Soft Reasoners over Language\nAbstract:  Abstract Beginning with McCarthy’s Advice Taker (1959), AI has pursued the goal of providing a system with explicit, general knowledge and having the system reason over that knowledge. However, expressing the knowledge in a formal (logical or probabilistic) representation has been a major obstacle to this research. This paper investigates a modern approach to this problem where the facts and rules are provided as natural language sentences, thus bypassing a formal representation. We train transformers to reason (or emulate reasoning) over these sentences using synthetically generated data. Our models, that we call RuleTakers, provide the first empirical demonstration that this kind of soft reasoning over language is learnable, can achieve high (99%) accuracy, and generalizes to test data requiring substantially deeper chaining than seen during training (95%+ scores). We also demonstrate that the models transfer well to two hand-authored rulebases, and to rulebases paraphrased into more natural language. These findings are significant as it suggests a new role for transformers, namely as limited “soft theorem provers” operating over explicit theories in language. This in turn suggests new possibilities for explainability, correctability, and counterfactual reasoning in question-answering.111 A live demo and all datasets are available at https://rule-reasoning.apps.allenai.org/ and https://allenai.org/data/ruletaker ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Transformers as Soft Reasoners over Language,\" focuses on using transformer-based models (RuleTakers) for reasoning over natural language sentences, specifically in the context of reasoning and chaining rules. While the paper demonstrates the use of transformers for tasks such as soft reasoning, theorem proving, and question-answering, it does not explicitly address the task of **hypothesis classification**. Hypothesis classification typically involves determining whether a given hypothesis is true, false, or undetermined based on provided evidence, which is not the primary focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What paper demonstrated that in two-layer leaky ReLU networks, SGD on the hinge loss for linearly separable data converges to zero loss?\nTitle: SGD Learns Over-parameterized Networks that Provably Generalize on Linearly Separable Data\nAbstract:  Abstract Neural networks exhibit good generalization behavior in the over-parameterized regime, where the number of network parameters exceeds the number of observations. Nonetheless, current generalization bounds for neural networks fail to explain this phenomenon. In an attempt to bridge this gap, we study the problem of learning a two-layer over-parameterized neural network, when the data is generated by a linearly separable function. In the case where the network has Leaky ReLU activations, we provide both optimization and generalization guarantees for over-parameterized networks. Specifically, we prove convergence rates of SGD to a global minimum and provide generalization guarantees for this global minimum that are independent of the network size. Therefore, our result clearly shows that the use of SGD for optimization both finds a global minimum, and avoids overfitting despite the high capacity of the model. This is the first theoretical demonstration that SGD can avoid overfitting, when learning over-specified neural network classifiers. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The searched paper titled *\"SGD Learns Over-parameterized Networks that Provably Generalize on Linearly Separable Data\"* does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper does focus on two-layer leaky ReLU networks and studies the behavior of SGD on linearly separable data, it does not explicitly address the hinge loss. The user query specifically asks for a demonstration of SGD on the hinge loss converging to zero loss, but the abstract of the searched paper does not mention hinge loss or provide evidence of such a result. Instead, it discusses general optimization and generalization guarantees for over-parameterized networks with leaky ReLU activations, which is related but not specific to the hinge loss."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works adapt CLIP for video representation by encoding frame samples?\nTitle: X-Pool: Cross-Modal Language-Video Attention for Text-Video Retrieval\nAbstract:  Abstract In text-video retrieval, the objective is to learn a cross-modal similarity function between a text and a video that ranks relevant text-video pairs higher than irrelevant pairs. However, videos inherently express a much wider gamut of information than texts. Instead, texts often capture sub-regions of entire videos and are most semantically similar to certain frames within videos. Therefore, for a given text, a retrieval model should focus on the text’s most semantically similar video sub-regions to make a more relevant comparison. Yet, most existing works aggregate entire videos without directly considering text. Common text-agnostic aggregations schemes include mean-pooling or self-attention over the frames, but these are likely to encode misleading visual information not described in the given text. To address this, we propose a cross-modal attention model called X-Pool that reasons between a text and the frames of a video. Our core mechanism is a scaled dot product attention for a text to attend to its most semantically similar frames. We then generate an aggregated video representation conditioned on the text’s attention weights over the frames. We evaluate our method on three benchmark datasets of MSR-VTT, MSVD and LSMDC, achieving new state-of-the-art results by up to 12% in relative improvement in Recall@1. Our findings thereby highlight the importance of joint text-video reasoning to extract important visual cues according to text. Full code and demo can be found at: layer6ai-labs.github.io/xpool/. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"X-Pool: Cross-Modal Language-Video Attention for Text-Video Retrieval\" does not explicitly mention adapting CLIP for video representation by encoding frame samples. While the paper discusses a method (X-Pool) that uses cross-modal attention to reason between text and video frames, it does not state that it leverages CLIP as part of its approach. The focus of the paper is on text-video retrieval using a novel attention mechanism, not on adapting CLIP for video representation. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide any research that has focused on Inverse Reinforcement Learning from Observation?\nTitle: Generative Adversarial Imitation from Observation\nAbstract:  Abstract Imitation from observation (IfO) is the problem of learning directly from state-only demonstrations without having access to the demonstrator’s actions. The lack of action information both distinguishes IfO from most of the literature in imitation learning, and also sets it apart as a method that may enable agents to learn from a large set of previously inapplicable resources such as internet videos. In this paper, we propose both a general framework for IfO approaches and also a new IfO approach based on generative adversarial networks called generative adversarial imitation from observation (GAIfO). We conduct experiments in two different settings: (1) when demonstrations consist of low-dimensional, manually-defined state features, and (2) when demonstrations consist of high-dimensional, raw visual data. We demonstrate that our approach performs comparably to classical imitation learning approaches (which have access to the demonstrator’s actions) and significantly outperforms existing imitation from observation methods in high-dimensional simulation environments. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The user query specifically asks for research focused on *Inverse Reinforcement Learning (IRL) from Observation*. While the searched paper, \"Generative Adversarial Imitation from Observation,\" focuses on *Imitation from Observation (IfO)*, it does not explicitly address *Inverse Reinforcement Learning (IRL)*. IRL involves inferring a reward function from observed behavior, whereas the paper discusses a generative adversarial approach to learning policies directly from state-only demonstrations without inferring a reward function. Therefore, while related, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works that introduced novel training tricks or architectures to address over-smoothing and over-squashing issues in GNNs?\nTitle: Tackling Over-Smoothing for General Graph Convolutional Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Increasing the depth of GCN, which is expected to permit more expressivity, is shown to incur performance detriment especially on node classification. The main cause of this lies in over-smoothing. The over-smoothing issue drives the output of GCN towards a space that contains limited distinguished information among nodes, leading to poor expressivity. Several works on refining the architecture of deep GCN have been proposed, but it is still unknown in theory whether or not these refinements are able to relieve over-smoothing. In this paper, we first theoretically analyze how general GCNs act with the increase in depth, including generic GCN, GCN with bias, ResGCN, and APPNP. We find that all these models are characterized by a universal process: all nodes converging to a cuboid. Upon this theorem, we propose DropEdge to alleviate over-smoothing by randomly removing a certain number of edges at each training epoch. Theoretically, DropEdge either reduces the convergence speed of over-smoothing or relieves the information loss caused by dimension collapse. Experimental evaluations on simulated dataset have visualized the difference in over-smoothing between different GCNs. Moreover, extensive experiments on several real benchmarks support that DropEdge consistently improves the performance on a variety of both shallow and deep GCNs. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper addresses the issue of over-smoothing in GNNs and introduces a novel training trick (DropEdge) to alleviate it, it does not address the issue of over-squashing. The user query explicitly asks for works that tackle both over-smoothing and over-squashing in GNNs. Over-squashing refers to the problem where information from distant nodes is compressed into a small representation, leading to loss of critical information, which is not discussed or addressed in the searched paper. Therefore, the paper only partially satisfies the query and does not fully meet the requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: What paper discusses the (correlational) statistical dimension which governs the complexity of sparse linear regression in correlational SQ model?\nTitle: Superpolynomial Lower Bounds for Learning One-Layer Neural Networks using Gradient Descent\nAbstract:  Abstract We prove the first superpolynomial lower bounds for learning one-layer neural networks with respect to the Gaussian distribution using gradient descent. We show that any classifier trained using gradient descent with respect to square-loss will fail to achieve small test error in polynomial time given access to samples labeled by a one-layer neural network. For classification, we give a stronger result, namely that any statistical query (SQ) algorithm (including gradient descent) will fail to achieve small test error in polynomial time. Prior work held only for gradient descent run with small batch sizes, required sharp activations, and applied to specific classes of queries. Our lower bounds hold for broad classes of activations including ReLU and sigmoid. The core of our result relies on a novel construction of a simple family of neural networks that are exactly orthogonal with respect to all spherically symmetric distributions. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper titled \"Superpolynomial Lower Bounds for Learning One-Layer Neural Networks using Gradient Descent\" does not satisfy the user's query. The paper focuses on proving lower bounds for learning one-layer neural networks using gradient descent and statistical query (SQ) algorithms, particularly in the context of classification tasks with respect to the Gaussian distribution. It discusses the limitations of gradient descent and SQ algorithms in achieving small test error for neural networks with specific activations. \n\nHowever, the user's query specifically asks about the \"correlational statistical dimension\" governing the complexity of sparse linear regression in the correlational SQ model. Sparse linear regression and its complexity in the correlational SQ framework are not addressed in the searched paper. The paper's focus on neural networks and gradient descent is unrelated to the statistical dimension or sparse linear regression in the correlational SQ model."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research has shown remarkable performance of normalizing flow-based models in synthesizing high-fidelity images and videos?\nTitle: SRFlow: Learning the Super-Resolution Space with Normalizing Flow\nAbstract:  Abstract Super-resolution is an ill-posed problem, since it allows for multiple predictions for a given low-resolution image. This fundamental fact is largely ignored by state-of-the-art deep learning based approaches. These methods instead train a deterministic mapping using combinations of reconstruction and adversarial losses. In this work, we therefore propose SRFlow: a normalizing flow based super-resolution method capable of learning the conditional distribution of the output given the low-resolution input. Our model is trained in a principled manner using a single loss, namely the negative log-likelihood. SRFlow therefore directly accounts for the ill-posed nature of the problem, and learns to predict diverse photo-realistic high-resolution images. Moreover, we utilize the strong image posterior learned by SRFlow to design flexible image manipulation techniques, capable of enhancing super-resolved images by, e.g., transferring content from other images. We perform extensive experiments on faces, as well as on super-resolution in general. SRFlow outperforms state-of-the-art GAN-based approaches in terms of both PSNR and perceptual quality metrics, while allowing for diversity through the exploration of the space of super-resolved solutions. Code and trained models will be available at: git.io/SRFlow ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"SRFlow: Learning the Super-Resolution Space with Normalizing Flow\" focuses on using normalizing flow-based models for super-resolution tasks, which involves generating high-resolution images from low-resolution inputs. While the paper demonstrates the capability of normalizing flow-based models to synthesize diverse and high-quality high-resolution images, it does not explicitly address or evaluate the synthesis of high-fidelity videos. The user query specifically asks for research that shows remarkable performance in synthesizing both high-fidelity images and videos, and the paper only discusses image super-resolution without extending its scope to video synthesis. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies labeled lanes attributes of continuity and direction on a massive amount of data?\nTitle: BDD100K: A Diverse Driving Dataset for Heterogeneous Multitask Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Datasets drive vision progress, yet existing driving datasets are impoverished in terms of visual content and supported tasks to study multitask learning for autonomous driving. Researchers are usually constrained to study a small set of problems on one dataset, while real-world computer vision applications require performing tasks of various complexities. We construct BDD100K 111The data is available at https://bdd-data.berkeley.edu, the largest driving video dataset with 100K videos and 10 tasks to evaluate the exciting progress of image recognition algorithms on autonomous driving. The dataset possesses geographic, environmental, and weather diversity, which is useful for training models that are less likely to be surprised by new conditions. Based on this diverse dataset, we build a benchmark for heterogeneous multitask learning and study how to solve the tasks together. Our experiments show that special training strategies are needed for existing models to perform such heterogeneous tasks. BDD100K opens the door for future studies in this important venue. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"BDD100K: A Diverse Driving Dataset for Heterogeneous Multitask Learning\" does not specifically focus on studying labeled lane attributes of continuity and direction. While the dataset described in the paper is large and diverse, and it supports multiple tasks related to autonomous driving, the abstract does not explicitly mention lane attributes such as continuity and direction as a focus of the study. Instead, the paper emphasizes multitask learning and the diversity of the dataset for autonomous driving tasks in general. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers revealed that post-processing methods could lead to higher performance degradation compared to in-processing methods?\nTitle: Retiring Adult: New Datasets for Fair Machine Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Although the fairness community has recognized the importance of data, researchers in the area primarily rely on UCI Adult when it comes to tabular data. Derived from a 1994 US Census survey, this dataset has appeared in hundreds of research papers where it served as the basis for the development and comparison of many algorithmic fairness interventions. We reconstruct a superset of the UCI Adult data from available US Census sources and reveal idiosyncrasies of the UCI Adult dataset that limit its external validity. Our primary contribution is a suite of new datasets derived from US Census surveys that extend the existing data ecosystem for research on fair machine learning. We create prediction tasks relating to income, employment, health, transportation, and housing. The data span multiple years and all states of the United States, allowing researchers to study temporal shift and geographic variation. We highlight a broad initial sweep of new empirical insights relating to trade-offs between fairness criteria, performance of algorithmic interventions, and the role of distribution shift based on our new datasets. Our findings inform ongoing debates, challenge some existing narratives, and point to future research directions. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper, \"Retiring Adult: New Datasets for Fair Machine Learning,\" does not address the specific topic of comparing post-processing methods to in-processing methods in terms of performance degradation. The paper focuses on creating new datasets derived from US Census surveys to extend the data ecosystem for fair machine learning research. It discusses issues like fairness criteria, algorithmic interventions, and distribution shifts but does not explicitly analyze or reveal findings about the performance degradation of post-processing methods compared to in-processing methods. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works developed video unsupervised domain adaptation techniques using adversarial methods?\nTitle: Learning Transferable Features with Deep Adaptation Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent studies reveal that a deep neural network can learn transferable features which generalize well to novel tasks for domain adaptation. However, as deep features eventually transition from general to specific along the network, the feature transferability drops significantly in higher layers with increasing domain discrepancy. Hence, it is important to formally reduce the dataset bias and enhance the transferability in task-specific layers. In this paper, we propose a new Deep Adaptation Network (DAN) architecture, which generalizes deep convolutional neural network to the domain adaptation scenario. In DAN, hidden representations of all task-specific layers are embedded in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space where the mean embeddings of different domain distributions can be explicitly matched. The domain discrepancy is further reduced using an optimal multi-kernel selection method for mean embedding matching. DAN can learn transferable features with statistical guarantees, and can scale linearly by unbiased estimate of kernel embedding. Extensive empirical evidence shows that the proposed architecture yields state-of-the-art image classification error rates on standard domain adaptation benchmarks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Learning Transferable Features with Deep Adaptation Networks\" does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. The user specifically asked for works that developed **video unsupervised domain adaptation techniques using adversarial methods**. However, this paper focuses on domain adaptation using a **Deep Adaptation Network (DAN)**, which reduces domain discrepancy by embedding task-specific layers into a reproducing kernel Hilbert space and matching mean embeddings of domain distributions. There is no mention of adversarial methods, video-specific domain adaptation, or unsupervised domain adaptation in the paper's abstract. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria outlined in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you name the studies that have simplified deep neural networks as last-layer features and classifiers with proper constraints and proven that ETF emerges under the cross-entropy loss?\nTitle: An unconstrained layer-peeled perspective on neural collapse\nAbstract:  Abstract Neural collapse is a highly symmetric geometry of neural networks that emerges during the terminal phase of training, with profound implications on the generalization performance and robustness of the trained networks. To understand how the last-layer features and classifiers exhibit this recently discovered implicit bias, in this paper, we introduce a surrogate model called the unconstrained layer-peeled model (ULPM). We prove that gradient flow on this model converges to critical points of a minimum-norm separation problem exhibiting neural collapse in its global minimizer. Moreover, we show that the ULPM with the cross-entropy loss has a benign global landscape for its loss function, which allows us to prove that all the critical points are strict saddle points except the global minimizers that exhibit the neural collapse phenomenon. Empirically, we show that our results also hold during the training of neural networks in real-world tasks when explicit regularization or weight decay is not used. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"An unconstrained layer-peeled perspective on neural collapse\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper does discuss neural collapse and introduces the unconstrained layer-peeled model (ULPM) to study the behavior of last-layer features and classifiers, it does not explicitly simplify deep neural networks as last-layer features and classifiers **with proper constraints**. Furthermore, the paper does not explicitly prove the emergence of Equiangular Tight Frames (ETF) under the cross-entropy loss, which is a specific requirement of the user query. Instead, the focus of the paper is on analyzing the geometry of neural collapse and the global landscape of the ULPM, rather than directly addressing ETF emergence under constrained settings."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some recent studies that enabled the compression of large neural networks into smaller networks without using any real data?\nTitle: DENSE: Data-Free One-Shot Federated Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract One-shot Federated Learning (FL) has recently emerged as a promising approach, which allows the central server to learn a model in a single communication round. Despite the low communication cost, existing one-shot FL methods are mostly impractical or face inherent limitations, e.g., a public dataset is required, clients’ models are homogeneous, and additional data/model information need to be uploaded. To overcome these issues, we propose a novel two-stage Data-freE oNe-Shot federated lEarning (DENSE) framework, which trains the global model by a data generation stage and a model distillation stage. DENSE is a practical one-shot FL method that can be applied in reality due to the following advantages: (1) DENSE requires no additional information compared with other methods (except the model parameters) to be transferred between clients and the server; (2) DENSE does not require any auxiliary dataset for training; (3) DENSE considers model heterogeneity in FL, i.e., different clients can have different model architectures. Experiments on a variety of real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority of our method. For example, DENSE outperforms the best baseline method Fed-ADI by 5.08% on CIFAR10 dataset. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"DENSE: Data-Free One-Shot Federated Learning\" focuses on a federated learning framework that trains a global model in a data-free manner, addressing challenges such as communication cost, model heterogeneity, and the absence of auxiliary datasets. While the paper does involve data-free techniques and model distillation, its primary focus is on federated learning and training a global model rather than explicitly compressing large neural networks into smaller networks. The user query specifically asks about studies that enable the compression of large neural networks into smaller networks without using real data, which is not the central goal or contribution of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies used reinforcement learning to adjust the probabilities of genetic operations in the field of symbolic regression?\nTitle: Deep Neuroevolution: Genetic Algorithms Are a Competitive Alternative for Training Deep Neural Networks for Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep artificial neural networks (DNNs) are typically trained via gradient-based learning algorithms, namely backpropagation. Evolution strategies (ES) can rival backprop-based algorithms such as Q-learning and policy gradients on challenging deep reinforcement learning (RL) problems. However, ES can be considered a gradient-based algorithm because it performs stochastic gradient descent via an operation similar to a finite-difference approximation of the gradient. That raises the question of whether non-gradient-based evolutionary algorithms can work at DNN scales. Here we demonstrate they can: we evolve the weights of a DNN with a simple, gradient-free, population-based genetic algorithm (GA) and it performs well on hard deep RL problems, including Atari and humanoid locomotion. The Deep GA successfully evolves networks with over four million free parameters, the largest neural networks ever evolved with a traditional evolutionary algorithm. These results (1) expand our sense of the scale at which GAs can operate, (2) suggest intriguingly that in some cases following the gradient is not the best choice for optimizing performance, and (3) make immediately available the multitude of neuroevolution techniques that improve performance. We demonstrate the latter by showing that combining DNNs with novelty search, which encourages exploration on tasks with deceptive or sparse reward functions, can solve a high-dimensional problem on which reward-maximizing algorithms (e.g.  DQN, A3C, ES, and the GA) fail. Additionally, the Deep GA is faster than ES, A3C, and DQN (it can train Atari in ∼similar-to\\scriptstyle\\sim4 hours on one desktop or ∼similar-to\\scriptstyle\\sim1 hour distributed on 720 cores), and enables a state-of-the-art, up to 10,000-fold compact encoding technique. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Deep Neuroevolution: Genetic Algorithms Are a Competitive Alternative for Training Deep Neural Networks for Reinforcement Learning,\" focuses on using genetic algorithms (GAs) to train deep neural networks for reinforcement learning tasks. While it discusses evolutionary algorithms and reinforcement learning, it does not address the specific topic of using reinforcement learning to adjust the probabilities of genetic operations in the field of symbolic regression. The paper is centered on training deep neural networks and does not explore symbolic regression or the adjustment of genetic operation probabilities using reinforcement learning. Therefore, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research discusses the implementation of LSTM for the prediction of motion?\nTitle: IMUPoser: Full-Body Pose Estimation using IMUs in Phones, Watches, and Earbuds\nAbstract:  Abstract. Tracking body pose on-the-go could have powerful uses in fitness, mobile gaming, context-aware virtual assistants, and rehabilitation. However, users are unlikely to buy and wear special suits or sensor arrays to achieve this end. Instead, in this work, we explore the feasibility of estimating body pose using IMUs already in devices that many users own — namely smartphones, smartwatches, and earbuds. This approach has several challenges, including noisy data from low-cost commodity IMUs, and the fact that the number of instrumentation points on a user’s body is both sparse and in flux. Our pipeline receives whatever subset of IMU data is available, potentially from just a single device, and produces a best-guess pose. To evaluate our model, we created the IMUPoser Dataset, collected from 10 participants wearing or holding off-the-shelf consumer devices and across a variety of activity contexts. We provide a comprehensive evaluation of our system, benchmarking it on both our own and existing IMU datasets.   Figure 1. Real-time pose estimation (inset photos) powered by consumer mobile devices (listed in each photo) could have uses across many domains, including sports (A), rehabilitation (B), fitness (C), and transportation (D). Note also that IMUPoser is robust to occlusion (E) and lighting conditions (F). Abbreviation key: L-Left, R-Right, H-Hand, and P-Pocket.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"IMUPoser: Full-Body Pose Estimation using IMUs in Phones, Watches, and Earbuds\" primarily focuses on estimating body pose using IMU data from consumer devices such as smartphones, smartwatches, and earbuds. While the abstract discusses the challenges of noisy data and sparse instrumentation points, it does not explicitly mention the use of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks or their implementation for predicting motion. The user query specifically asks for research discussing the implementation of LSTM for motion prediction, and there is no evidence in the abstract that this paper addresses that requirement. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works that studied Reward-Conditioned Reinforcement Learning?\nTitle: Offline Reinforcement Learning as One Big Sequence Modeling Problem\nAbstract:  Abstract Reinforcement learning (RL) is typically concerned with estimating stationary policies or single-step models, leveraging the Markov property to factorize problems in time. However, we can also view RL as a generic sequence modeling problem, with the goal being to produce a sequence of actions that leads to a sequence of high rewards. Viewed in this way, it is tempting to consider whether high-capacity sequence prediction models that work well in other domains, such as natural-language processing, can also provide effective solutions to the RL problem. To this end, we explore how RL can be tackled with the tools of sequence modeling, using a Transformer architecture to model distributions over trajectories and repurposing beam search as a planning algorithm. Framing RL as sequence modeling problem simplifies a range of design decisions, allowing us to dispense with many of the components common in offline RL algorithms. We demonstrate the flexibility of this approach across long-horizon dynamics prediction, imitation learning, goal-conditioned RL, and offline RL. Further, we show that this approach can be combined with existing model-free algorithms to yield a state-of-the-art planner in sparse-reward, long-horizon tasks. †† Code is available at trajectory-transformer.github.io  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Offline Reinforcement Learning as One Big Sequence Modeling Problem,\" primarily focuses on framing reinforcement learning as a sequence modeling problem using Transformer architectures. While it mentions goal-conditioned RL, which is related to reward-conditioned RL, the paper does not explicitly focus on or study reward-conditioned reinforcement learning as a central concept. Reward-conditioned RL involves conditioning the policy or behavior on desired reward values, which is not the primary focus of this paper. Instead, the paper emphasizes sequence modeling and trajectory prediction for tasks like offline RL and imitation learning. Thus, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about weak dependency notions when moving beyond linear time-series models?\nTitle: On Empirical Risk Minimization with Dependent and Heavy-Tailed Data\nAbstract: In this work, we establish risk bounds for the Empirical Risk Minimization (ERM) with both dependent and heavy-tailed data-generating processes. We do so by extending the seminal works of Mendelson [Men15, Men18] on the analysis of ERM with heavy-tailed but independent and identically distributed observations, to the strictly stationary exponentially $\\beta$-mixing case. Our analysis is based on explicitly controlling the multiplier process arising from the interaction between the noise and the function evaluations on inputs. It allows for the interaction to be even polynomially heavy-tailed, which covers a significantly large class of heavy-tailed models beyond what is analyzed in the learning theory literature. We illustrate our results by deriving rates of convergence for the high-dimensional linear regression problem with dependent and heavy-tailed data.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on Empirical Risk Minimization (ERM) with dependent and heavy-tailed data, particularly extending results to strictly stationary exponentially $\\beta$-mixing processes. While it does address dependency notions (specifically $\\beta$-mixing) and heavy-tailed data, its primary focus is on risk bounds and rates of convergence in the context of high-dimensional linear regression. The paper does not explicitly explore weak dependency notions beyond linear time-series models, as requested in the user query. Instead, it remains centered on the specific dependency structure of $\\beta$-mixing processes and their implications for ERM. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper initiated the study of online convex optimization?\nTitle: Introduction to Online Convex Optimization Second Edition\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"Introduction to Online Convex Optimization Second Edition,\" appears to be a later work that introduces and explains the field of online convex optimization, rather than the original paper that initiated the study of the topic. The user query specifically asks for the paper that *initiated* the study of online convex optimization, which is widely recognized to be \"Online Convex Programming and Generalized Infinitesimal Gradient Ascent\" by Zinkevich (2003). The searched paper does not fulfill the requirement of being the foundational work in this field."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works aim to reconstruct the dynamic appearance of moving people through neural radiance field rendering?\nTitle: Neural Body: Implicit Neural Representations with Structured Latent Codes for Novel View Synthesis of Dynamic Humans\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper addresses the challenge of novel view synthesis for a human performer from a very sparse set of camera views. Some recent works have shown that learning implicit neural representations of 3D scenes achieves remarkable view synthesis quality given dense input views. However, the representation learning will be ill-posed if the views are highly sparse. To solve this ill-posed problem, our key idea is to integrate observations over video frames. To this end, we propose Neural Body, a new human body representation which assumes that the learned neural representations at different frames share the same set of latent codes anchored to a deformable mesh, so that the observations across frames can be naturally integrated. The deformable mesh also provides geometric guidance for the network to learn 3D representations more efficiently. To evaluate our approach, we create a multi-view dataset named ZJU-MoCap that captures performers with complex motions. Experiments on ZJU-MoCap show that our approach outperforms prior works by a large margin in terms of novel view synthesis quality. We also demonstrate the capability of our approach to reconstruct a moving person from a monocular video on the People-Snapshot dataset. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Neural Body: Implicit Neural Representations with Structured Latent Codes for Novel View Synthesis of Dynamic Humans\" focuses on reconstructing the dynamic appearance of moving people and achieving novel view synthesis, it does not explicitly mention the use of **neural radiance field (NeRF) rendering**. Instead, the paper discusses using implicit neural representations with structured latent codes anchored to a deformable mesh. While this approach is related to the broader field of neural rendering, it does not specifically satisfy the user's query, which explicitly asks for works that utilize **neural radiance field rendering**. Therefore, the paper does not fully meet the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which learning-based approaches extract semantic information for UGC VQA, where they extract features using different pretrained networks and train the regression module separately?\nTitle: Blindly Assess Quality of In-the-Wild Videos via Quality-aware Pre-training and Motion Perception\nAbstract:  Abstract Perceptual quality assessment of the videos acquired in the wilds is of vital importance for quality assurance of video services. The inaccessibility of reference videos with pristine quality and the complexity of authentic distortions pose great challenges for this kind of blind video quality assessment (BVQA) task. Although model-based transfer learning is an effective and efficient paradigm for the BVQA task, it remains to be a challenge to explore what and how to bridge the domain shifts for better video representation. In this work, we propose to transfer knowledge from image quality assessment (IQA) databases with authentic distortions and large-scale action recognition with rich motion patterns. We rely on both groups of data to learn the feature extractor and use a mixed list-wise ranking loss function to train the entire model on the target VQA databases. Extensive experiments on six benchmarking databases demonstrate that our method performs very competitively under both individual database and mixed databases training settings. We also verify the rationality of each component of the proposed method and explore a simple ensemble trick for further improvement. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on a blind video quality assessment (BVQA) method that utilizes quality-aware pre-training and motion perception. While it does involve the use of pretrained networks (e.g., transferring knowledge from image quality assessment and action recognition datasets), the paper does not explicitly describe a methodology where features are extracted using different pretrained networks and then a regression module is trained separately. Instead, it emphasizes a unified training approach using a mixed list-wise ranking loss function to train the entire model on target VQA databases. This does not align with the specific requirement in the user query, which seeks approaches that separately train a regression module after feature extraction using different pretrained networks."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works initially observed the benign generalization performance of overparameterized neural networks?\nTitle: Just Interpolate: Kernel “Ridgeless” Regression Can Generalize\nAbstract:  Abstract In the absence of explicit regularization, Kernel “Ridgeless” Regression with nonlinear kernels has the potential to fit the training data perfectly. It has been observed empirically, however, that such interpolated solutions can still generalize well on test data. We isolate a phenomenon of implicit regularization for minimum-norm interpolated solutions which is due to a combination of high dimensionality of the input data, curvature of the kernel function, and favorable geometric properties of the data such as an eigenvalue decay of the empirical covariance and kernel matrices. In addition to deriving a data-dependent upper bound on the out-of-sample error, we present experimental evidence suggesting that the phenomenon occurs in the MNIST dataset. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled *\"Just Interpolate: Kernel 'Ridgeless' Regression Can Generalize\"* primarily focuses on the benign generalization performance of kernel \"ridgeless\" regression, which is a specific type of machine learning model. While it discusses the phenomenon of implicit regularization and generalization in overparameterized settings, it does so in the context of kernel methods rather than neural networks. The user query specifically asks for works that initially observed the benign generalization performance of **overparameterized neural networks**, which is not the primary focus of this paper. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper uses a contrastive learning loss to learn a metric space encoding the similarity between states?\nTitle: Learning Invariant Representations for Reinforcement Learning without Reconstruction\nAbstract:  Abstract We study how representation learning can accelerate reinforcement learning from rich observations, such as images, without relying either on domain knowledge or pixel-reconstruction. Our goal is to learn representations that provide for effective downstream control and invariance to task-irrelevant details. Bisimulation metrics quantify behavioral similarity between states in continuous MDPs, which we propose using to learn robust latent representations which encode only the task-relevant information from observations. Our method trains encoders such that distances in latent space equal bisimulation distances in state space. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method at disregarding task-irrelevant information using modified visual MuJoCo tasks, where the background is replaced with moving distractors and natural videos, while achieving SOTA performance. We also test a first-person highway driving task where our method learns invariance to clouds, weather, and time of day. Finally, we provide generalization results drawn from properties of bisimulation metrics, and links to causal inference. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Learning Invariant Representations for Reinforcement Learning without Reconstruction,\" proposes learning representations by leveraging bisimulation metrics to encode behavioral similarity between states. While the method involves training encoders such that distances in the latent space correspond to bisimulation distances, there is no explicit mention of using a *contrastive learning loss*. Contrastive learning typically involves pulling similar pairs closer and pushing dissimilar pairs apart in the latent space, which is not explicitly described in the abstract of the paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query, as it does not explicitly use a contrastive learning loss to learn a metric space encoding state similarity."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about trajectory optimization?\nTitle: Physics-based Human Motion Estimation and Synthesis from Videos\nAbstract:  Abstract Human motion synthesis is an important problem with applications in graphics, gaming and simulation environments for robotics. Existing methods require accurate motion capture data for training, which is costly to obtain. Instead, we propose a framework for training generative models of physically plausible human motion directly from monocular RGB videos, which are much more widely available. At the core of our method is a novel optimization formulation that corrects imperfect image-based pose estimations by enforcing physics constraints and reasons about contacts in a differentiable way. This optimization yields corrected 3D poses and motions, as well as their corresponding contact forces. Results show that our physically-corrected motions significantly outperform prior work on pose estimation. We can then use these to train a generative model to synthesize future motion. We demonstrate both qualitatively and quantitatively improved motion estimation, synthesis quality and physical plausibility achieved by our method on the Human3.6m dataset [12] as compared to prior kinematic and physics-based methods. By enabling learning of motion synthesis from video, our method paves the way for large-scale, realistic and diverse motion synthesis. Project page: https://nv-tlabs.github.io/publication/iccv_2021_physics/ ", "output": "False\n\nReason: While the paper titled \"Physics-based Human Motion Estimation and Synthesis from Videos\" discusses optimization techniques for correcting pose estimations and synthesizing human motion, its primary focus is on human motion estimation and synthesis from monocular RGB videos. The optimization mentioned in the paper is centered around enforcing physics constraints and reasoning about contacts to improve motion plausibility, rather than specifically addressing trajectory optimization as a standalone topic. Trajectory optimization typically involves planning and optimizing a path or trajectory for a system (e.g., a robot or vehicle) to achieve a specific goal, often considering constraints like dynamics, energy efficiency, or collision avoidance. This paper does not explicitly focus on trajectory optimization in that context, so it does not fully satisfy the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers about the robustness of AUC have been made?\nTitle: AdAUC: End-to-end Adversarial AUC Optimization Against Long-tail Problems\nAbstract:  Abstract It is well-known that deep learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples. Existing studies of adversarial training have made great progress against this challenge. As a typical trait, they often assume that the class distribution is overall balanced. However, long-tail datasets are ubiquitous in a wide spectrum of applications, where the amount of head class instances is larger than the tail classes. Under such a scenario, AUC is a much more reasonable metric than accuracy since it is insensitive toward class distribution. Motivated by this, we present an early trial to explore adversarial training methods to optimize AUC. The main challenge lies in that the positive and negative examples are tightly coupled in the objective function. As a direct result, one cannot generate adversarial examples without a full scan of the dataset. To address this issue, based on a concavity regularization scheme, we reformulate the AUC optimization problem as a saddle point problem, where the objective becomes an instance-wise function. This leads to an end-to-end training protocol. Furthermore, we provide a convergence guarantee of the proposed algorithm. Our analysis differs from the existing studies since the algorithm is asked to generate adversarial examples by calculating the gradient of a min-max problem. Finally, the extensive experimental results show the performance and robustness of our algorithm in three long-tail datasets. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"AdAUC: End-to-end Adversarial AUC Optimization Against Long-tail Problems,\" primarily focuses on adversarial training methods to optimize AUC in the context of long-tail datasets. While it does touch on the robustness of AUC in the sense of handling adversarial examples and imbalanced data, the core of the paper is about developing an adversarial training algorithm for AUC optimization rather than a direct or comprehensive exploration of the robustness of AUC as a metric. The user query specifically asks for papers about the robustness of AUC, which implies a broader or more focused investigation into AUC's robustness properties rather than its optimization in specific scenarios like adversarial training or long-tail problems."}
{"input": "User Query: What is the study that focused on examining gender bias with respect to occupations?\nTitle: Gender Bias in Coreference Resolution\nAbstract:  Abstract We present an empirical study of gender bias in coreference resolution systems. We first introduce a novel, Winograd schema-style set of minimal pair sentences that differ only by pronoun gender. With these Winogender schemas, we evaluate and confirm systematic gender bias in three publicly-available coreference resolution systems, and correlate this bias with real-world and textual gender statistics. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Gender Bias in Coreference Resolution\" focuses on examining gender bias in coreference resolution systems using Winogender schemas. While the study does touch on gender bias, it does not explicitly focus on examining gender bias with respect to occupations. The abstract does not mention any specific analysis or emphasis on occupations, which is a critical requirement of the user query. Instead, the study is more general in its exploration of gender bias in pronoun resolution tasks."}
{"input": "User Query: What works introduced the reinforcement learning for vision tasks such as lane detection?\nTitle: Tuning computer vision models with task rewards\nAbstract:  Abstract Misalignment between model predictions and intended usage can be detrimental for the deployment of computer vision models. The issue is exacerbated when the task involves complex structured outputs, as it becomes harder to design procedures which address this misalignment. In natural language processing, this is often addressed using reinforcement learning techniques that align models with a task reward. We adopt this approach and show its surprising effectiveness across multiple computer vision tasks, such as object detection, panoptic segmentation, colorization and image captioning. We believe this approach has the potential to be widely useful for better aligning models with a diverse range of computer vision tasks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Tuning computer vision models with task rewards\" discusses the use of reinforcement learning techniques to align computer vision models with task rewards. However, the abstract does not specifically mention lane detection as one of the tasks addressed. Instead, it focuses on tasks like object detection, panoptic segmentation, colorization, and image captioning. While the paper may provide insights into the use of reinforcement learning for vision tasks in general, it does not explicitly introduce reinforcement learning for lane detection, which is the focus of the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works about recovering lost performance due to compression by fine-tuning weights?\nTitle: Exploiting Linear Structure Within Convolutional Networks for Efficient Evaluation\nAbstract:  Abstract We present techniques for speeding up the test-time evaluation of large convolutional networks, designed for object recognition tasks. These models deliver impressive accuracy, but each image evaluation requires millions of floating point operations, making their deployment on smartphones and Internet-scale clusters problematic. The computation is dominated by the convolution operations in the lower layers of the model. We exploit the redundancy present within the convolutional filters to derive approximations that significantly reduce the required computation. Using large state-of-the-art models, we demonstrate speedups of convolutional layers on both CPU and GPU by a factor of 2×2\\times, while keeping the accuracy within 1%percent11\\% of the original model. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on techniques for speeding up the test-time evaluation of large convolutional networks by exploiting redundancy in convolutional filters to approximate computations. While it mentions maintaining accuracy within a certain range after applying these approximations, it does not discuss recovering lost performance due to compression by fine-tuning weights. The user query specifically asks about works that address performance recovery through fine-tuning after compression, which is not the focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What work analyzed the numerical inversion error of generic normalizing flows via bi-Lipschitz continuity for each flow layer?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided paper title \"1 Introduction\" and abstract are not sufficient to determine whether the paper analyzes the numerical inversion error of generic normalizing flows via bi-Lipschitz continuity for each flow layer. The title and abstract do not provide any explicit indication or evidence that the paper addresses the specific topic mentioned in the user query. Without further detailed content or context, it cannot be concluded that the paper satisfies the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works have contributed to the study of angular super-resolution?\nTitle: ShuffleUNet: Super resolution of diffusion-weighted MRIs using deep learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DW-MRI) can be used to characterise the microstructure of the nervous tissue, e.g. to delineate brain white matter connections in a non-invasive manner via fibre tracking. Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) in high spatial resolution would play an important role in visualising such fibre tracts in a superior manner. However, obtaining an image of such resolution comes at the expense of longer scan time. Longer scan time can be associated with the increase of motion artefacts, due to the patient’s psychological and physical conditions. Single Image Super-Resolution (SISR), a technique aimed to obtain high-resolution (HR) details from one single low-resolution (LR) input image, achieved with Deep Learning, is the focus of this study. Compared to interpolation techniques or sparse-coding algorithms, deep learning extracts prior knowledge from big datasets and produces superior MRI images from the low-resolution counterparts. In this research, a deep learning based super-resolution technique is proposed and has been applied for DW-MRI. Images from the IXI dataset have been used as the ground-truth and were artificially downsampled to simulate the low-resolution images. The proposed method has shown statistically significant improvement over the baselines and achieved an SSIM of 0.913±0.045plus-or-minus0.9130.0450.913\\pm 0.045. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"ShuffleUNet: Super resolution of diffusion-weighted MRIs using deep learning,\" focuses on super-resolution techniques for diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DW-MRI) using deep learning. The study aims to enhance spatial resolution in MRI images, specifically improving single image super-resolution (SISR) to generate high-resolution images from low-resolution counterparts. However, the paper does not address angular super-resolution, which pertains to improving the resolution of angular information (e.g., angular sampling or resolution in diffusion imaging or other domains). Since the focus of the paper is on spatial super-resolution rather than angular super-resolution, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers discuss about creating graph embedding by summing up or averaging all the node embeddings?\nTitle: Benchmarking Graph Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract In the last few years, graph neural networks (GNNs) have become the standard toolkit for analyzing and learning from data on graphs. This emerging field has witnessed an extensive growth of promising techniques that have been applied with success to computer science, mathematics, biology, physics and chemistry. But for any successful field to become mainstream and reliable, benchmarks must be developed to quantify progress. This led us in March 2020 to release a benchmark framework that i) comprises of a diverse collection of mathematical and real-world graphs, ii) enables fair model comparison with the same parameter budget to identify key architectures, iii) has an open-source, easy-to-use and reproducible code infrastructure, and iv) is flexible for researchers to experiment with new theoretical ideas. As of December 2022, the GitHub repository111The framework is hosted at https://github.com/graphdeeplearning/benchmarking-gnns. has reached 2,000 stars and 380 forks, which demonstrates the utility of the proposed open-source framework through the wide usage by the GNN community. In this paper, we present an updated version of our benchmark with a concise presentation of the aforementioned framework characteristics, an additional medium-sized molecular dataset AQSOL, similar to the popular ZINC, but with a real-world measured chemical target, and discuss how this framework can be leveraged to explore new GNN designs and insights. As a proof of value of our benchmark, we study the case of graph positional encoding (PE) in GNNs, which was introduced with this benchmark and has since spurred interest of exploring more powerful PE for Transformers and GNNs in a robust experimental setting. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Benchmarking Graph Neural Networks\" focuses on benchmarking graph neural networks by providing a framework for comparing GNN architectures, introducing datasets, and exploring graph positional encoding (PE). While it discusses GNN designs and insights, there is no explicit mention in the abstract about creating graph embeddings by summing up or averaging all the node embeddings. The user query specifically asks for papers that discuss this method of creating graph embeddings, and the searched paper does not address this topic directly or in detail."}
{"input": "User Query: What works rely on Language and Vision-Integrated Language Models (LVLMs) to provide Natural Language Feedback (NLF)?\nTitle: RL4F: Generating Natural Language Feedback with Reinforcement Learning for Repairing Model Outputs\nAbstract:  Abstract Despite their unprecedented success, even the largest language models make mistakes. Similar to how humans learn and improve using feedback, previous work proposed providing language models with natural language feedback to guide them in repairing their outputs. Because human-generated critiques are expensive to obtain, researchers have devised learned critique generators in lieu of human critics while assuming one can train downstream models to utilize generated feedback. However, this approach does not apply to black-box or limited access models such as ChatGPT, as they cannot be fine-tuned. Moreover, in the era of large general-purpose language agents, fine-tuning is neither computationally nor spatially efficient as it results in multiple copies of the network. In this work, we introduce RL4F (Reinforcement Learning for Feedback), a multi-agent collaborative framework where the critique generator is trained to maximize end-task performance of GPT-3, a fixed model more than 200 times its size. RL4F produces critiques that help GPT-3 revise its outputs. We study three datasets for action planning, summarization and alphabetization and show relative improvements up to 10% in multiple text similarity metrics over other learned, retrieval-augmented or prompting-based critique generators.111A significant portion of this work was done while Feyza was an intern at Allen AI. Correspondences to Afra Feyza Akyürek (akyurek@bu.edu). ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"RL4F: Generating Natural Language Feedback with Reinforcement Learning for Repairing Model Outputs\" focuses on generating natural language feedback using reinforcement learning to improve the outputs of a fixed language model (GPT-3). However, the work does not involve or rely on Language and Vision-Integrated Language Models (LVLMs). The study is centered on text-based language models and does not address the integration of vision and language modalities. Therefore, it does not satisfy the user's query, which specifically seeks works that rely on LVLMs to provide natural language feedback."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works discussed about finding stationary points in non-convex optimization?\nTitle: Continuum Scale Non Newtonian Particle Transport Model for Haemorheology -- Implementation and Validation\nAbstract: We present a continuum scale particle transport model for red blood cells following collision arguments in a diffusive flux formulation. The model is implemented in FOAM, in a framework for haemodynamics simulations. Modern mechanistic rheology models are implemented and tested. The model is verified against a known analytical solution and shows excellent agreement for high quality meshes and good agreement for typical meshes as used in vascular flow simulations. Simulation results for different size and time scales show that migration of red blood cells does occur on physiologically relevany timescales on small vessels below 1 mm and that the haematocrit concentration modulates the non-Newtonian viscosity. This model forms part of a multi-scale approach to haemorheology and model parameters will be derived from meso-scale simulations using multi-component Lattice-Boltzmann methods. The code, haemoFoam, is made available for interested researchers.", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper titled \"Continuum Scale Non Newtonian Particle Transport Model for Haemorheology -- Implementation and Validation\" does not discuss finding stationary points in non-convex optimization. The abstract focuses on a continuum scale particle transport model for red blood cells, haemodynamics simulations, and rheology models. It is centered around modeling and simulating blood flow and its properties, particularly in small vessels, and does not address optimization problems, let alone stationary points or non-convex optimization. Therefore, it does not satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies have introduced SLAM system into human pose estimation to reconstruct the 4D human pose?\nTitle: Decoupling Human and Camera Motion from Videos in the Wild\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose a method to reconstruct global human trajectories from videos in the wild. Our optimization method decouples the camera and human motion, which allows us to place people in the same world coordinate frame. Most existing methods do not model the camera motion; methods that rely on the background pixels to infer 3D human motion usually require a full scene reconstruction, which is often not possible for in-the-wild videos. However, even when existing SLAM systems cannot recover accurate scene reconstructions, the background pixel motion still provides enough signal to constrain the camera motion. We show that relative camera estimates along with data-driven human motion priors can resolve the scene scale ambiguity and recover global human trajectories. Our method robustly recovers the global 3D trajectories of people in challenging in-the-wild videos, such as PoseTrack. We quantify our improvement over existing methods on 3D human dataset Egobody. We further demonstrate that our recovered camera scale allows us to reason about motion of multiple people in a shared coordinate frame, which improves performance of downstream tracking in PoseTrack. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled *\"Decoupling Human and Camera Motion from Videos in the Wild\"* does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper mentions the use of SLAM systems to constrain camera motion and decouple human and camera motion, it does not explicitly introduce a SLAM system into human pose estimation to reconstruct the 4D human pose. The focus of the paper is on recovering global 3D human trajectories and addressing scene scale ambiguity using relative camera estimates and human motion priors. Although SLAM systems are referenced in the context of background pixel motion, the paper does not directly integrate SLAM into the process of estimating and reconstructing 4D human pose. Therefore, it does not meet the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies offer insight into enhancing the performance of GLMs through instruction fine-tuning methods?\nTitle: Prefix-Tuning: Optimizing Continuous Prompts for Generation\nAbstract:  Abstract Fine-tuning is the de facto way to leverage large pretrained language models to perform downstream tasks. However, it modifies all the language model parameters and therefore necessitates storing a full copy for each task. In this paper, we propose prefix-tuning, a lightweight alternative to fine-tuning for natural language generation tasks, which keeps language model parameters frozen, but optimizes a small continuous task-specific vector (called the prefix). Prefix-tuning draws inspiration from prompting, allowing subsequent tokens to attend to this prefix as if it were “virtual tokens”. We apply prefix-tuning to GPT-2 for table-to-text generation and to BART for summarization. We find that by learning only 0.1% of the parameters, prefix-tuning obtains comparable performance in the full data setting, outperforms fine-tuning in low-data settings, and extrapolates better to examples with topics unseen during training.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Prefix-Tuning: Optimizing Continuous Prompts for Generation\" focuses on prefix-tuning, a lightweight alternative to fine-tuning that optimizes a small task-specific vector while keeping the large language model's parameters frozen. While this method is related to improving the performance of generative language models (GLMs), it does not specifically address instruction fine-tuning methods. Instruction fine-tuning involves training models to follow instructions better by fine-tuning them on instruction-specific datasets, whereas prefix-tuning is more about optimizing continuous prompts for specific tasks. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query about enhancing GLM performance through instruction fine-tuning methods."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works discuss representation learning in the context of supervised learning?\nTitle: Provable Meta-Learning of Linear Representations\nAbstract:  Abstract Meta-learning, or learning-to-learn, seeks to design algorithms that can utilize previous experience to rapidly learn new skills or adapt to new environments. Representation learning—a key tool for performing meta-learning—learns a data representation that can transfer knowledge across multiple tasks, which is essential in regimes where data is scarce. Despite a recent surge of interest in the practice of meta-learning, the theoretical underpinnings of meta-learning algorithms are lacking, especially in the context of learning transferable representations. In this paper, we focus on the problem of multi-task linear regression—in which multiple linear regression models share a common, low-dimensional linear representation. Here, we provide provably fast, sample-efficient algorithms to address the dual challenges of (1) learning a common set of features from multiple, related tasks, and (2) transferring this knowledge to new, unseen tasks. Both are central to the general problem of meta-learning. Finally, we complement these results by providing information-theoretic lower bounds on the sample complexity of learning these linear features. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Provable Meta-Learning of Linear Representations\" discusses representation learning, its primary focus is on meta-learning, specifically in the context of multi-task learning and transferring knowledge across tasks. The abstract emphasizes meta-learning and transferable representations for multi-task linear regression, which is a broader framework than standard supervised learning. Although supervised learning might be a component of the tasks discussed (e.g., linear regression), the paper does not explicitly frame its discussion of representation learning within the general context of supervised learning. Instead, it is framed within the meta-learning paradigm, which extends beyond traditional supervised learning. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers have exploited combinatorial structures while designing bandit algorithms?\nTitle: Beating Stochastic and Adversarial Semi-bandits Optimally and Simultaneously\nAbstract: We develop the first general semi-bandit algorithm that simultaneously achieves $\\mathcal{O}(\\log T)$ regret for stochastic environments and $\\mathcal{O}(\\sqrt{T})$ regret for adversarial environments without knowledge of the regime or the number of rounds $T$. The leading problem-dependent constants of our bounds are not only optimal in some worst-case sense studied previously, but also optimal for two concrete instances of semi-bandit problems. Our algorithm and analysis extend the recent work of (Zimmert & Seldin, 2019) for the special case of multi-armed bandit, but importantly requires a novel hybrid regularizer designed specifically for semi-bandit. Experimental results on synthetic data show that our algorithm indeed performs well uniformly over different environments. We finally provide a preliminary extension of our results to the full bandit feedback.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on designing a semi-bandit algorithm that achieves optimal regret bounds in both stochastic and adversarial environments. While it introduces a novel hybrid regularizer and extends prior work, there is no explicit mention or indication in the abstract that the algorithm exploits combinatorial structures in its design. The user query specifically asks for papers that leverage combinatorial structures in bandit algorithms, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement based on the provided abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies have made assumptions about the full state-action space coverage of offline datasets in their theoretical frameworks?\nTitle: Batch Policy Learning under Constraints\nAbstract:  Abstract When learning policies for real-world domains, two important questions arise: (i) how to efficiently use pre-collected off-policy, non-optimal behavior data; and (ii) how to mediate among different competing objectives and constraints. We thus study the problem of batch policy learning under multiple constraints, and offer a systematic solution. We first propose a flexible meta-algorithm that admits any batch reinforcement learning and online learning procedure as subroutines. We then present a specific algorithmic instantiation and provide performance guarantees for the main objective and all constraints. To certify constraint satisfaction, we propose a new and simple method for off-policy policy evaluation (OPE) and derive PAC-style bounds. Our algorithm achieves strong empirical results in different domains, including in a challenging problem of simulated car driving subject to multiple constraints such as lane keeping and smooth driving. We also show experimentally that our OPE method outperforms other popular OPE techniques on a standalone basis, especially in a high-dimensional setting. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Batch Policy Learning under Constraints,\" does not explicitly mention making assumptions about the full state-action space coverage of offline datasets in its theoretical framework. While the paper discusses batch policy learning, off-policy evaluation (OPE), and reinforcement learning under constraints, the abstract does not indicate that the theoretical framework assumes full state-action space coverage. Instead, it focuses on providing performance guarantees, proposing a new OPE method, and achieving empirical results. Without explicit mention of full state-action space coverage assumptions, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies applied MLP-Mixer model?\nTitle: MLP-Mixer: An all-MLP Architecture for Vision\nAbstract:  Abstract Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are the go-to model for computer vision. Recently, attention-based networks, such as the Vision Transformer, have also become popular. In this paper we show that while convolutions and attention are both sufficient for good performance, neither of them are necessary. We present MLP-Mixer, an architecture based exclusively on multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs). MLP-Mixer contains two types of layers: one with MLPs applied independently to image patches (i.e. “mixing” the per-location features), and one with MLPs applied across patches (i.e. “mixing” spatial information). When trained on large datasets, or with modern regularization schemes, MLP-Mixer attains competitive scores on image classification benchmarks, with pre-training and inference cost comparable to state-of-the-art models. We hope that these results spark further research beyond the realms of well established CNNs and Transformers.111MLP-Mixer code will be available at https://github.com/google-research/vision_transformer  ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The paper titled \"MLP-Mixer: An all-MLP Architecture for Vision\" primarily introduces and describes the MLP-Mixer model as a novel architecture for vision tasks. It focuses on explaining the design, functionality, and performance of the MLP-Mixer model. However, the user query specifically asks about studies that *applied* the MLP-Mixer model, which implies research that utilized the MLP-Mixer in practical applications or experiments beyond its initial introduction. This paper does not satisfy the query as it does not discuss applications or studies that applied the MLP-Mixer model in real-world scenarios or other research contexts."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies highlight that the video-text models struggle in comprehending the semantics of the text focusing on manipulating the verbs, actions, and entities grounded in the video description?\nTitle: Verbs in Action: Improving verb understanding in video-language models\nAbstract:  Abstract Understanding verbs is crucial to modelling how people and objects interact with each other and the environment through space and time. Recently, state-of-the-art video-language models based on CLIP have been shown to have limited verb understanding and to rely extensively on nouns, restricting their performance in real-world video applications that require action and temporal understanding. In this work, we improve verb understanding for CLIP-based video-language models by proposing a new Verb-Focused Contrastive (VFC) framework. This consists of two main components: (1) leveraging pretrained large language models (LLMs) to create hard negatives for cross-modal contrastive learning, together with a calibration strategy to balance the occurrence of concepts in positive and negative pairs; and (2) enforcing a fine-grained, verb phrase alignment loss. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results for zero-shot performance on three downstream tasks that focus on verb understanding: video-text matching, video question-answering and video classification. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work which proposes a method to alleviate the verb understanding problem, and does not simply highlight it. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: While the paper titled \"Verbs in Action: Improving verb understanding in video-language models\" does discuss the limitations of video-language models in understanding verbs and their reliance on nouns, its primary focus is on proposing a solution to improve verb understanding through the Verb-Focused Contrastive (VFC) framework. The user query specifically asks for studies that *highlight* the struggles of video-text models in comprehending the semantics of text, particularly in manipulating verbs, actions, and entities grounded in video descriptions. This paper does not primarily focus on highlighting the struggles but instead on addressing and alleviating the issue. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you name the studies that focus on hand-object interactions as a prevailing aspect in ego-videos for human-worn cameras?\nTitle: Scaling Egocentric Vision: The EPIC-KITCHENS Dataset\nAbstract:  Abstract First-person vision is gaining interest as it offers a unique viewpoint on people’s interaction with objects, their attention, and even intention. However, progress in this challenging domain has been relatively slow due to the lack of sufficiently large datasets. In this paper, we introduce EPIC-KITCHENS, a large-scale egocentric video benchmark recorded by 32 participants in their native kitchen environments. Our videos depict non-scripted daily activities: we simply asked each participant to start recording every time they entered their kitchen. Recording took place in 4 cities (in North America and Europe) by participants belonging to 10 different nationalities, resulting in highly diverse cooking styles. Our dataset features 55 hours of video consisting of 11.5M frames, which we densely labelled for a total of 39.639.639.6K action segments and 454.3454.3454.3K object bounding boxes. Our annotation is unique in that we had the participants narrate their own videos (after recording), thus reflecting true intention, and we crowd-sourced ground-truths based on these. We describe our object, action and anticipation challenges, and evaluate several baselines over two test splits, seen and unseen kitchens. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Scaling Egocentric Vision: The EPIC-KITCHENS Dataset\" introduces a large-scale egocentric video dataset and mentions object interactions as part of its annotations and challenges, the abstract does not explicitly focus on hand-object interactions as a prevailing aspect. The primary emphasis is on providing a diverse dataset for studying actions, objects, and anticipation challenges in egocentric videos. The user query specifically seeks studies that focus on hand-object interactions, which is not the central theme or explicitly detailed in this paper's abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide some references that dealt with video editing through text-to-image model fine-tuning?\nTitle: Tune-A-Video: One-Shot Tuning of Image Diffusion Models for Text-to-Video Generation\nAbstract:  Abstract To replicate the success of text-to-image (T2I) generation, recent works employ large-scale video datasets to train a text-to-video (T2V) generator. Despite their promising results, such paradigm is computationally expensive. In this work, we propose a new T2V generation setting—One-Shot Video Tuning, where only one text-video pair is presented. Our model is built on state-of-the-art T2I diffusion models pre-trained on massive image data. We make two key observations: 1) T2I models can generate still images that represent verb terms; 2) extending T2I models to generate multiple images concurrently exhibits surprisingly good content consistency. To further learn continuous motion, we introduce Tune-A-Video, which involves a tailored spatio-temporal attention mechanism and an efficient one-shot tuning strategy. At inference, we employ DDIM inversion to provide structure guidance for sampling. Extensive qualitative and numerical experiments demonstrate the remarkable ability of our method across various applications. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Tune-A-Video: One-Shot Tuning of Image Diffusion Models for Text-to-Video Generation\" primarily focuses on generating videos from text prompts by fine-tuning text-to-image (T2I) diffusion models. While it introduces a novel approach for text-to-video (T2V) generation using one-shot video tuning, it does not explicitly address the task of video editing. The user query specifically asks for references related to video editing through fine-tuning of T2I models, which involves modifying or editing existing videos rather than generating new ones. Since the paper does not discuss video editing, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What publications mention the use of synthetic ReID datasets for privacy protection?\nTitle: Dissecting Person Re-identification from the Viewpoint of Viewpoint\nAbstract:  Abstract Variations in visual factors such as viewpoint, pose, illumination and background, are usually viewed as important challenges in person re-identification (re-ID). In spite of acknowledging these factors to be influential, quantitative studies on how they affect a re-ID system are still lacking. To derive insights in this scientific campaign, this paper makes an early attempt in studying a particular factor, viewpoint. We narrow the viewpoint problem down to the pedestrian rotation angle to obtain focused conclusions. In this regard, this paper makes two contributions to the community. First, we introduce a large-scale synthetic data engine, PersonX. Composed of hand-crafted 3D person models, the salient characteristic of this engine is “controllable”. That is, we are able to synthesize pedestrians by setting the visual variables to arbitrary values. Second, on the 3D data engine, we quantitatively analyze the influence of pedestrian rotation angle on re-ID accuracy. Comprehensively, the person rotation angles are precisely customized from 0∘ to 360∘, allowing us to investigate its effect on the training, query, and gallery sets. Extensive experiment helps us have a deeper understanding of the fundamental problems in person re-ID. Our research also provides useful insights for dataset building and future practical usage, e.g., a person of a side view makes a better query. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: While the paper discusses the use of synthetic datasets (PersonX) in the context of person re-identification (ReID), it does not explicitly mention or address the use of synthetic ReID datasets for privacy protection. The focus of the paper is on studying the influence of viewpoint (specifically pedestrian rotation angles) on ReID accuracy and providing insights into dataset building and practical usage. Privacy protection is not a stated or implied objective in the abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies proposed to discriminate the region-wise message passing with graph attention networks?\nTitle: GMAN: A Graph Multi-Attention Network for Traffic Prediction\nAbstract:  Abstract Long-term traffic prediction is highly challenging due to the complexity of traffic systems and the constantly changing nature of many impacting factors. In this paper, we focus on the spatio-temporal factors, and propose a graph multi-attention network (GMAN) to predict traffic conditions for time steps ahead at different locations on a road network graph. GMAN adapts an encoder-decoder architecture, where both the encoder and the decoder consist of multiple spatio-temporal attention blocks to model the impact of the spatio-temporal factors on traffic conditions. The encoder encodes the input traffic features and the decoder predicts the output sequence. Between the encoder and the decoder, a transform attention layer is applied to convert the encoded traffic features to generate the sequence representations of future time steps as the input of the decoder. The transform attention mechanism models the direct relationships between historical and future time steps that helps to alleviate the error propagation problem among prediction time steps. Experimental results on two real-world traffic prediction tasks (i.e., traffic volume prediction and traffic speed prediction) demonstrate the superiority of GMAN. In particular, in the 1 hour ahead prediction, GMAN outperforms state-of-the-art methods by up to 4% improvement in MAE measure. The source code is available at https://github.com/zhengchuanpan/GMAN. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"GMAN: A Graph Multi-Attention Network for Traffic Prediction\" focuses on traffic prediction using a graph multi-attention network (GMAN). While it employs graph attention mechanisms to model spatio-temporal factors in traffic systems, the paper does not explicitly propose or discuss methods to *discriminate region-wise message passing* with graph attention networks. The emphasis is on spatio-temporal attention blocks, transform attention mechanisms, and their application to traffic prediction tasks, rather than on region-wise message passing discrimination. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you name the studies that used prompt tuning in other visual recognition tasks like object detection, semantic segmentation, and video recognition?\nTitle: Expanding Language-Image Pretrained Models for General Video Recognition\nAbstract:  Abstract Contrastive language-image pretraining has shown great success in learning visual-textual joint representation from web-scale data, demonstrating remarkable “zero-shot” generalization ability for various image tasks. However, how to effectively expand such new language-image pretraining methods to video domains is still an open problem. In this work, we present a simple yet effective approach that adapts the pretrained language-image models to video recognition directly, instead of pretraining a new model from scratch. More concretely, to capture the long-range dependencies of frames along the temporal dimension, we propose a cross-frame attention mechanism that explicitly exchanges information across frames. Such module is lightweight and can be plugged into pretrained language-image models seamlessly. Moreover, we propose a video-specific prompting scheme, which leverages video content information for generating discriminative textual prompts. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach is effective and can be generalized to different video recognition scenarios. In particular, under fully-supervised settings, our approach achieves a top-1 accuracy of 87.1% on Kinectics-400, while using 12× fewer FLOPs compared with Swin-L and ViViT-H. In zero-shot experiments, our approach surpasses the current state-of-the-art methods by +7.6% and +14.9% in terms of top-1 accuracy under two popular protocols. In few-shot scenarios, our approach outperforms previous best methods by +32.1% and +23.1% when the labeled data is extremely limited. Code and models are available at aka.ms/X-CLIP. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on adapting language-image pretrained models for video recognition tasks and proposes a video-specific prompting scheme tailored to video content. While it does involve prompt tuning in the context of video recognition, the paper does not address or mention the use of prompt tuning in other visual recognition tasks such as object detection or semantic segmentation. The user query explicitly asks for studies that used prompt tuning across multiple visual recognition tasks, including object detection and semantic segmentation, which this paper does not satisfy. Therefore, it does not fully meet the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works generate a domain-specific meaning representation by constraining the decoder using a Context-Free Grammar (CFG)?\nTitle: Few-Shot Semantic Parsing with Language Models Trained on Code\nAbstract:  Abstract Large language models can perform semantic parsing with little training data, when prompted with in-context examples. It has been shown that this can be improved by formulating the problem as paraphrasing into canonical utterances, which casts the underlying meaning representation into a controlled natural language-like representation. Intuitively, such models can more easily output canonical utterances as they are closer to the natural language used for pre-training. Recently, models also pre-trained on code, like OpenAI Codex, have risen in prominence. For semantic parsing tasks where we map natural language into code, such models may prove more adept at it. In this paper, we test this hypothesis and find that Codex performs better on such tasks than equivalent GPT-3 models. We evaluate on Overnight and SMCalFlow and find that unlike GPT-3, Codex performs similarly when targeting meaning representations directly, perhaps because meaning representations are structured similar to code in these datasets. ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: The searched paper, \"Few-Shot Semantic Parsing with Language Models Trained on Code,\" does not explicitly discuss generating a domain-specific meaning representation by constraining the decoder using a Context-Free Grammar (CFG). Instead, the paper focuses on leveraging large language models, particularly Codex, for semantic parsing tasks. It evaluates the performance of these models in mapping natural language to meaning representations, particularly in tasks where the representations resemble code. While the paper mentions structured outputs and controlled natural language-like representations, it does not describe the use of CFGs to constrain the decoder or enforce domain-specific grammar rules. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works proposed a distance ratio in the latent space of a classifier in the context of failure detection?\nTitle: To Trust Or Not To Trust A Classifier\nAbstract:  Abstract Knowing when a classifier’s prediction can be trusted is useful in many applications and critical for safely using AI. While the bulk of the effort in machine learning research has been towards improving classifier performance, understanding when a classifier’s predictions should and should not be trusted has received far less attention. The standard approach is to use the classifier’s discriminant or confidence score; however, we show there exists an alternative that is more effective in many situations. We propose a new score, called the trust score, which measures the agreement between the classifier and a modified nearest-neighbor classifier on the testing example. We show empirically that high (low) trust scores produce surprisingly high precision at identifying correctly (incorrectly) classified examples, consistently outperforming the classifier’s confidence score as well as many other baselines. Further, under some mild distributional assumptions, we show that if the trust score for an example is high (low), the classifier will likely agree (disagree) with the Bayes-optimal classifier. Our guarantees consist of non-asymptotic rates of statistical consistency under various nonparametric settings and build on recent developments in topological data analysis. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"To Trust Or Not To Trust A Classifier\" does not propose a distance ratio in the latent space of a classifier in the context of failure detection. Instead, it introduces a new metric called the \"trust score,\" which measures the agreement between the classifier and a modified nearest-neighbor classifier. The trust score is used to evaluate the reliability of a classifier's predictions, but it does not explicitly involve a distance ratio in the latent space of the classifier. The focus is on using nearest-neighbor methods and statistical consistency guarantees rather than analyzing or proposing a distance ratio in the latent space for failure detection. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you point out the studies that have proposed the use of polyhedrons, e.g., octahedron and icosahedron, to represent panoramas?\nTitle: Equivariant Networks for Pixelized Spheres\nAbstract:  Abstract Pixelizations of Platonic solids such as the cube and icosahedron have been widely used to represent spherical data, from climate records to Cosmic Microwave Background maps. Platonic solids have well-known global symmetries. Once we pixelize each face of the solid, each face also possesses its own local symmetries in the form of Euclidean isometries. One way to combine these symmetries is through a hierarchy. However, this approach does not adequately model the interplay between the two levels of symmetry transformations. We show how to model this interplay using ideas from group theory, identify the equivariant linear maps, and introduce equivariant padding that respects these symmetries. Deep networks that use these maps as their building blocks generalize gauge equivariant CNNs on pixelized spheres. These deep networks achieve state-of-the-art results on semantic segmentation for climate data and omnidirectional image processing. Code is available at https://git.io/JGiZA. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper discusses the use of polyhedrons, specifically Platonic solids such as the icosahedron, to represent spherical data, it does not explicitly address the use of these polyhedrons to represent *panoramas*. The focus of the paper is on leveraging the symmetries of pixelized Platonic solids for tasks like climate data analysis and omnidirectional image processing, but it does not specifically propose or investigate their use for panorama representation. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some works that discussed the advantages of human motion representation?\nTitle: NTU RGB+D 120: A Large-Scale Benchmark for 3D Human Activity Understanding\nAbstract:  Abstract Research on depth-based human activity analysis achieved outstanding performance and demonstrated the effectiveness of 3D representation for action recognition. The existing depth-based and RGB+D-based action recognition benchmarks have a number of limitations, including the lack of large-scale training samples, realistic number of distinct class categories, diversity in camera views, varied environmental conditions, and variety of human subjects. In this work, we introduce a large-scale dataset for RGB+D human action recognition, which is collected from 106 distinct subjects and contains more than 114 thousand video samples and 8 million frames. This dataset contains 120 different action classes including daily, mutual, and health-related activities. We evaluate the performance of a series of existing 3D activity analysis methods on this dataset, and show the advantage of applying deep learning methods for 3D-based human action recognition. Furthermore, we investigate a novel one-shot 3D activity recognition problem on our dataset, and a simple yet effective Action-Part Semantic Relevance-aware (APSR) framework is proposed for this task, which yields promising results for recognition of the novel action classes. We believe the introduction of this large-scale dataset will enable the community to apply, adapt, and develop various data-hungry learning techniques for depth-based and RGB+D-based human activity understanding. [[[The dataset is available at: http://rose1.ntu.edu.sg/Datasets/actionRecognition.asp.]]] ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"NTU RGB+D 120: A Large-Scale Benchmark for 3D Human Activity Understanding\" discusses the development of a large-scale dataset for human activity recognition and evaluates the performance of 3D-based methods, it does not explicitly focus on discussing the advantages of human motion representation. The paper primarily emphasizes the dataset's contribution to advancing 3D activity recognition and the application of deep learning techniques, rather than providing a detailed discussion on the benefits or advantages of human motion representation itself. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research papers utilize GNN auto-encoders in a non-linear morphable model for face geometry estimation?\nTitle: Generating 3D faces using Convolutional Mesh Autoencoders\nAbstract:  Abstract Learned 3D representations of human faces are useful for computer vision problems such as 3D face tracking and reconstruction from images, as well as graphics applications such as character generation and animation. Traditional models learn a latent representation of a face using linear subspaces or higher-order tensor generalizations. Due to this linearity, they can not capture extreme deformations and non-linear expressions. To address this, we introduce a versatile model that learns a non-linear representation of a face using spectral convolutions on a mesh surface. We introduce mesh sampling operations that enable a hierarchical mesh representation that captures non-linear variations in shape and expression at multiple scales within the model. In a variational setting, our model samples diverse realistic 3D faces from a multivariate Gaussian distribution. Our training data consists of 20,466 meshes of extreme expressions captured over 12 different subjects. Despite limited training data, our trained model outperforms state-of-the-art face models with 50% lower reconstruction error, while using 75% fewer parameters. We show that, replacing the expression space of an existing state-of-the-art face model with our model, achieves a lower reconstruction error. Our data, model and code are available at http://coma.is.tue.mpg.de/. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled \"Generating 3D faces using Convolutional Mesh Autoencoders,\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper introduces a non-linear morphable model for face geometry estimation and uses a convolutional mesh autoencoder, it does not explicitly utilize a Graph Neural Network (GNN) autoencoder. Instead, the paper focuses on spectral convolutions on a mesh surface, which is a different approach from GNNs. GNNs specifically operate on graph-structured data and involve message-passing mechanisms, which are not mentioned or described in the abstract of the searched paper. Therefore, the paper does not meet the requirement of utilizing GNN auto-encoders."}
{"input": "User Query: Does any research explore problems such as hallucinations in large language models?\nTitle: WebArena: A Realistic Web Environment for Building Autonomous Agents\nAbstract:  Abstract With advances in generative AI, there is now potential for autonomous agents to manage daily tasks via natural language commands. However, current agents are primarily created and tested in simplified synthetic environments, leading to a disconnect with real-world scenarios. In this paper, we build an environment for language-guided agents that is highly realistic and reproducible. Specifically, we focus on agents that perform tasks on the web, and create an environment with fully functional websites from four common domains: e-commerce, social forum discussions, collaborative software development, and content management. Our environment is enriched with tools (e.g., a map) and external knowledge bases (e.g., user manuals) to encourage human-like task-solving. Building upon our environment, we release a set of benchmark tasks focusing on evaluating the functional correctness of task completions. The tasks in our benchmark are diverse, long-horizon, and designed to emulate tasks that humans routinely perform on the internet. We experiment with several baseline agents, integrating recent techniques such as reasoning before acting. The results demonstrate that solving complex tasks is challenging: our best GPT-4-based agent only achieves an end-to-end task success rate of 14.41%, significantly lower than the human performance of 78.24%. These results highlight the need for further development of robust agents, that current state-of-the-art large language models are far from perfect performance in these real-life tasks, and that WebArena can be used to measure such progress. Our code, data, environment reproduction resources, and video demonstrations are publicly available at https://webarena.dev/. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"WebArena: A Realistic Web Environment for Building Autonomous Agents\" does not explicitly explore problems such as hallucinations in large language models. Instead, it focuses on creating a realistic web environment for testing autonomous agents and evaluates their performance on tasks in this environment. While the paper discusses challenges faced by agents in completing tasks and highlights the gap between human and agent performance, it does not specifically address or analyze hallucinations, which refer to instances where language models generate incorrect or fabricated information. The primary focus is on task success rates and the development of robust agents, not on understanding or mitigating hallucination-related issues in large language models."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers have implemented and improved the self-supervised pre-training strategy SimCLR for visual recognition problems?\nTitle: A Simple Framework for Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper presents SimCLR: a simple framework for contrastive learning of visual representations. We simplify recently proposed contrastive self-supervised learning algorithms without requiring specialized architectures or a memory bank. In order to understand what enables the contrastive prediction tasks to learn useful representations, we systematically study the major components of our framework. We show that (1) composition of data augmentations plays a critical role in defining effective predictive tasks, (2) introducing a learnable nonlinear transformation between the representation and the contrastive loss substantially improves the quality of the learned representations, and (3) contrastive learning benefits from larger batch sizes and more training steps compared to supervised learning. By combining these findings, we are able to considerably outperform previous methods for self-supervised and semi-supervised learning on ImageNet. A linear classifier trained on self-supervised representations learned by SimCLR achieves 76.5% top-1 accuracy, which is a 7% relative improvement over previous state-of-the-art, matching the performance of a supervised ResNet-50. When fine-tuned on only 1% of the labels, we achieve 85.8% top-5 accuracy, outperforming AlexNet with 100×\\times fewer labels. 111Code available at https://github.com/google-research/simclr. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"A Simple Framework for Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations\" introduces and describes the SimCLR framework itself, rather than implementing and improving upon it. The user query specifically asks for papers that have implemented and improved the SimCLR strategy for visual recognition problems. While this paper systematically studies the components of SimCLR and demonstrates its effectiveness, it does not build upon or improve an existing SimCLR framework, as it is the original paper introducing the method. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What recent works have discussed diffusion models and their effectiveness in image generation?\nTitle: Improved Techniques for Training Score-Based Generative Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Score-based generative models can produce high quality image samples comparable to GANs, without requiring adversarial optimization. However, existing training procedures are limited to images of low resolution (typically below 32×32323232\\times 32), and can be unstable under some settings. We provide a new theoretical analysis of learning and sampling from score-based models in high dimensional spaces, explaining existing failure modes and motivating new solutions that generalize across datasets. To enhance stability, we also propose to maintain an exponential moving average of model weights. With these improvements, we can scale score-based generative models to various image datasets, with diverse resolutions ranging from 64×64646464\\times 64 to 256×256256256256\\times 256. Our score-based models can generate high-fidelity samples that rival best-in-class GANs on various image datasets, including CelebA, FFHQ, and several LSUN categories. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper discusses \"score-based generative models,\" which are closely related to diffusion models but are not explicitly identified as diffusion models in the abstract. While the paper does address high-quality image generation and provides improvements to score-based generative models, the user query specifically asks for recent works discussing diffusion models and their effectiveness in image generation. Since the abstract does not explicitly mention diffusion models or directly evaluate their effectiveness, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What alternative algorithms could be employed to increase retrieval efficiency in Open-Domain Question Answering systems?\nTitle: Billion-scale similarity search with GPUs\nAbstract:  Abstract Similarity search finds application in specialized database systems handling complex data such as images or videos, which are typically represented by high-dimensional features and require specific indexing structures. This paper tackles the problem of better utilizing GPUs for this task. While GPUs excel at data-parallel tasks, prior approaches are bottlenecked by algorithms that expose less parallelism, such as k𝑘k-min selection, or make poor use of the memory hierarchy. We propose a design for k𝑘k-selection that operates at up to 55% of theoretical peak performance, enabling a nearest neighbor implementation that is 8.5×\\times faster than prior GPU state of the art. We apply it in different similarity search scenarios, by proposing optimized design for brute-force, approximate and compressed-domain search based on product quantization. In all these setups, we outperform the state of the art by large margins. Our implementation enables the construction of a high accuracy k𝑘k-NN graph on 95 million images from the Yfcc100M dataset in 35 minutes, and of a graph connecting 1 billion vectors in less than 12 hours on 4 Maxwell Titan X GPUs. We have open-sourced our approach111https://github.com/facebookresearch/faiss for the sake of comparison and reproducibility. ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: The paper focuses on improving similarity search performance using GPUs for high-dimensional data such as images or videos, specifically through optimized k-selection and nearest neighbor search techniques. While this is relevant to general retrieval efficiency in similarity search tasks, it does not directly address Open-Domain Question Answering (ODQA) systems or propose alternative algorithms tailored for increasing retrieval efficiency in such systems. ODQA systems typically involve text-based retrieval and require algorithms designed for natural language processing tasks, such as dense passage retrieval, sparse retrieval, or hybrid approaches. The paper's focus on GPU optimization for similarity search in multimedia data does not satisfy the user's query about alternative algorithms for ODQA systems."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers are foundational for the Stein Discrepancy and SVGD algorithm?\nTitle: A Kernel Test of Goodness of Fit\nAbstract: We propose a nonparametric statistical test for goodness-of-fit: given a set of samples, the test determines how likely it is that these were generated from a target density function. The measure of goodness-of-fit is a divergence constructed via Stein's method using functions from a Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space. Our test statistic is based on an empirical estimate of this divergence, taking the form of a V-statistic in terms of the log gradients of the target density and the kernel. We derive a statistical test, both for i.i.d. and non-i.i.d. samples, where we estimate the null distribution quantiles using a wild bootstrap procedure. We apply our test to quantifying convergence of approximate Markov Chain Monte Carlo methods, statistical model criticism, and evaluating quality of fit vs model complexity in nonparametric density estimation.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper, \"A Kernel Test of Goodness of Fit,\" is related to Stein's method and uses a divergence constructed via Stein's method in a Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space (RKHS), it does not directly focus on the Stein Discrepancy or the Stein Variational Gradient Descent (SVGD) algorithm. The paper primarily addresses a nonparametric statistical test for goodness-of-fit and its applications, such as quantifying convergence of approximate Markov Chain Monte Carlo methods and evaluating model fit. Although it uses concepts related to Stein's method, it does not appear to be foundational for the development or understanding of the Stein Discrepancy or the SVGD algorithm. Foundational papers for Stein Discrepancy and SVGD would typically include those that directly introduce or develop these concepts, such as the original SVGD paper or works that explicitly define and explore Stein Discrepancy in detail."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works that demonstrate preprocessing methods often inadequate compared to in-processing and post-processing methods?\nTitle: Retiring Adult: New Datasets for Fair Machine Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Although the fairness community has recognized the importance of data, researchers in the area primarily rely on UCI Adult when it comes to tabular data. Derived from a 1994 US Census survey, this dataset has appeared in hundreds of research papers where it served as the basis for the development and comparison of many algorithmic fairness interventions. We reconstruct a superset of the UCI Adult data from available US Census sources and reveal idiosyncrasies of the UCI Adult dataset that limit its external validity. Our primary contribution is a suite of new datasets derived from US Census surveys that extend the existing data ecosystem for research on fair machine learning. We create prediction tasks relating to income, employment, health, transportation, and housing. The data span multiple years and all states of the United States, allowing researchers to study temporal shift and geographic variation. We highlight a broad initial sweep of new empirical insights relating to trade-offs between fairness criteria, performance of algorithmic interventions, and the role of distribution shift based on our new datasets. Our findings inform ongoing debates, challenge some existing narratives, and point to future research directions. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"Retiring Adult: New Datasets for Fair Machine Learning\" primarily focuses on creating new datasets derived from US Census surveys to address limitations of the UCI Adult dataset and to enable research on fairness in machine learning. While the paper discusses fairness criteria, algorithmic interventions, and distribution shifts, it does not explicitly evaluate or demonstrate the inadequacy of preprocessing methods compared to in-processing and post-processing methods. The user query specifically seeks works that compare preprocessing methods to in-processing and post-processing methods, which is not the focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What work suggested adding stochasticity to ODE-like RNNs and showed a generalization bound?\nTitle: Noisy Recurrent Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We provide a general framework for studying recurrent neural networks (RNNs) trained by injecting noise into hidden states. Specifically, we consider RNNs that can be viewed as discretizations of stochastic differential equations driven by input data. This framework allows us to study the implicit regularization effect of general noise injection schemes by deriving an approximate explicit regularizer in the small noise regime. We find that, under reasonable assumptions, this implicit regularization promotes flatter minima; it biases towards models with more stable dynamics; and, in classification tasks, it favors models with larger classification margin. Sufficient conditions for global stability are obtained, highlighting the phenomenon of stochastic stabilization, where noise injection can improve stability during training. Our theory is supported by empirical results which demonstrate that the RNNs have improved robustness with respect to various input perturbations. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper titled \"Noisy Recurrent Neural Networks\" discusses adding stochasticity to RNNs by modeling them as discretizations of stochastic differential equations and explores the implicit regularization effects of noise injection, it does not explicitly mention deriving or proving a generalization bound. The user query specifically asks for work that both suggests adding stochasticity to ODE-like RNNs and shows a generalization bound. Since the abstract of the paper does not explicitly address the derivation or presentation of a generalization bound, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you name studies that considered diminishing regularization to provide an unbiased solution in NPG?\nTitle: Policy Mirror Descent for Reinforcement Learning: Linear Convergence, New Sampling Complexity, and Generalized Problem Classes This research was partially supported by the NSF grants 1909298 and 1953199 and NIFA grant 2020-67021-31526. The paper was first released at https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.00135 on 01/30/2021.\nAbstract:  Abstract We present new policy mirror descent (PMD) methods for solving reinforcement learning (RL) problems with either strongly convex or general convex regularizers. By exploring the structural properties of these overall highly nonconvex problems we show that the PMD methods exhibit fast linear rate of convergence to the global optimality. We develop stochastic counterparts of these methods, and establish an 𝒪​(1/ϵ)𝒪1italic-ϵ{\\cal O}(1/\\epsilon) (resp., 𝒪​(1/ϵ2)𝒪1superscriptitalic-ϵ2{\\cal O}(1/\\epsilon^{2})) sampling complexity for solving these RL problems with strongly (resp., general) convex regularizers using different sampling schemes, where ϵitalic-ϵ\\epsilon denote the target accuracy. We further show that the complexity for computing the gradients of these regularizers, if necessary, can be bounded by 𝒪​{(logγ⁡ϵ)​[(1−γ)​L/μ]1/2​log⁡(1/ϵ)}𝒪subscript𝛾italic-ϵsuperscriptdelimited-[]1𝛾𝐿𝜇121italic-ϵ{\\cal O}\\{(\\log_{\\gamma}\\epsilon)[(1-\\gamma)L/\\mu]^{1/2}\\log(1/\\epsilon)\\} (resp., 𝒪​{(logγ⁡ϵ)​(L/ϵ)1/2}𝒪subscript𝛾italic-ϵsuperscript𝐿italic-ϵ12{\\cal O}\\{(\\log_{\\gamma}\\epsilon)(L/\\epsilon)^{1/2}\\}) for problems with strongly (resp., general) convex regularizers. Here γ𝛾\\gamma denotes the discounting factor. To the best of our knowledge, these complexity bounds, along with our algorithmic developments, appear to be new in both optimization and RL literature. The introduction of these convex regularizers also greatly enhances the flexibility and thus expands the applicability of RL models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled *\"Policy Mirror Descent for Reinforcement Learning: Linear Convergence, New Sampling Complexity, and Generalized Problem Classes\"* focuses on policy mirror descent (PMD) methods for reinforcement learning with strongly convex and general convex regularizers. While the paper discusses the use of regularizers and their properties, it does not explicitly address **diminishing regularization** or its role in providing an **unbiased solution** in natural policy gradient (NPG) methods, as specified in the user query. The emphasis of the paper is on convergence rates, sampling complexity, and generalization to convex problem classes, rather than on diminishing regularization strategies or unbiased solutions in NPG."}
{"input": "User Query: What is the work that discusses axiomatic framework for sample-based explanations in data Shapley?\nTitle: What is your data worth? Equitable Valuation of Data\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: The paper titled \"What is your data worth? Equitable Valuation of Data\" may discuss data valuation and potentially touch upon data Shapley concepts, but the user query specifically asks for a work that discusses an **axiomatic framework for sample-based explanations** in data Shapley. Based on the provided title and abstract, there is no explicit mention of an axiomatic framework or sample-based explanations. Without further evidence or explicit details in the abstract, it cannot be concluded that this paper fully satisfies the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works showcased significant achievements in fully-supervised Concealed Object Segmentation (COS) tasks?\nTitle: PraNet: Parallel Reverse Attention Network for Polyp Segmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract Colonoscopy is an effective technique for detecting colorectal polyps, which are highly related to colorectal cancer. In clinical practice, segmenting polyps from colonoscopy images is of great importance since it provides valuable information for diagnosis and surgery. However, accurate polyp segmentation is a challenging task, for two major reasons: (i) the same type of polyps has a diversity of size, color and texture; and (ii) the boundary between a polyp and its surrounding mucosa is not sharp. To address these challenges, we propose a parallel reverse attention network (PraNet) for accurate polyp segmentation in colonoscopy images. Specifically, we first aggregate the features in high-level layers using a parallel partial decoder (PPD). Based on the combined feature, we then generate a global map as the initial guidance area for the following components. In addition, we mine the boundary cues using the reverse attention (RA) module, which is able to establish the relationship between areas and boundary cues. Thanks to the recurrent cooperation mechanism between areas and boundaries, our PraNet is capable of calibrating some misaligned predictions, improving the segmentation accuracy. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations on five challenging datasets across six metrics show that our PraNet improves the segmentation accuracy significantly, and presents a number of advantages in terms of generalizability, and real-time segmentation efficiency (∼similar-to\\sim50fps). ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"PraNet: Parallel Reverse Attention Network for Polyp Segmentation\" demonstrates significant achievements in the domain of polyp segmentation, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. The query specifically asks for works showcasing significant achievements in fully-supervised Concealed Object Segmentation (COS) tasks. COS typically refers to the segmentation of objects that are intentionally or naturally concealed within their surroundings, such as camouflaged objects. The paper focuses on polyp segmentation in colonoscopy images, which, while challenging, does not explicitly align with the COS task as defined in the query. Furthermore, the paper does not explicitly mention addressing concealed objects or COS-specific challenges, but rather focuses on medical image segmentation challenges like size, color, texture diversity, and unclear boundaries. Therefore, it does not directly address the user query's requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: What research investigated the potential weaknesses of state-based CTDE for multi-agent actor-critic methods regarding bias and variance?\nTitle: Contrasting Centralized and Decentralized Critics in Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract. 00footnotetext: Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University. Boston, MA, USA. Centralized Training for Decentralized Execution, where agents are trained offline using centralized information but execute in a decentralized manner online, has gained popularity in the multi-agent reinforcement learning community. In particular, actor-critic methods with a centralized critic and decentralized actors are a common instance of this idea. However, the implications of using a centralized critic in this context are not fully discussed and understood even though it is the standard choice of many algorithms. We therefore formally analyze centralized and decentralized critic approaches, providing a deeper understanding of the implications of critic choice. Because our theory makes unrealistic assumptions, we also empirically compare the centralized and decentralized critic methods over a wide set of environments to validate our theories and to provide practical advice. We show that there exist misconceptions regarding centralized critics in the current literature and show that the centralized critic design is not strictly beneficial, but rather both centralized and decentralized critics have different pros and cons that should be taken into account by algorithm designers. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"Contrasting Centralized and Decentralized Critics in Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning\" does investigate the implications of using a centralized critic versus a decentralized critic in multi-agent actor-critic methods, it does not explicitly focus on analyzing the potential weaknesses of state-based CTDE (Centralized Training with Decentralized Execution) with respect to **bias and variance**. The abstract mentions a theoretical and empirical analysis of centralized and decentralized critics, highlighting their pros and cons, but it does not specifically address the bias and variance issues related to state-based CTDE. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What is the foundation work for graph neural networks (GNNs)?\nTitle: How Powerful are Graph Neural Networks?\nAbstract:  Abstract Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are an effective framework for representation learning of graphs. GNNs follow a neighborhood aggregation scheme, where the representation vector of a node is computed by recursively aggregating and transforming representation vectors of its neighboring nodes. Many GNN variants have been proposed and have achieved state-of-the-art results on both node and graph classification tasks. However, despite GNNs revolutionizing graph representation learning, there is limited understanding of their representational properties and limitations. Here, we present a theoretical framework for analyzing the expressive power of GNNs to capture different graph structures. Our results characterize the discriminative power of popular GNN variants, such as Graph Convolutional Networks and GraphSAGE, and show that they cannot learn to distinguish certain simple graph structures. We then develop a simple architecture that is provably the most expressive among the class of GNNs and is as powerful as the Weisfeiler-Lehman graph isomorphism test. We empirically validate our theoretical findings on a number of graph classification benchmarks, and demonstrate that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"How Powerful are Graph Neural Networks?\" is highly influential and provides a significant theoretical analysis of the expressive power of GNNs, it does not fully satisfy the user query regarding the *foundation work* for GNNs. The user query seeks foundational work, which refers to the initial or seminal research that introduced or laid the groundwork for GNNs. This paper focuses on analyzing and extending the understanding of GNNs' expressive power, rather than being the foundational work that introduced the concept or framework of GNNs. Foundational works for GNNs would include earlier papers, such as the introduction of the Graph Neural Network model by Scarselli et al. (2009) or related early developments."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some representative works about finding LTL-satisfying policies using Q-learning and Linear Programming methods?\nTitle: Optimal Probabilistic Motion Planning with Potential Infeasible LTL Constraints This work was supported in part by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant 62173314, Grant U2013601, and Grant 61625303. 1Department of Mechanical Engineering, Lehigh University, Bethlehem, PA, 18015, USA. 2Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Iowa Technology Institute, The University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52246, USA. 3Department of Automation, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei, Anhui, 230026, China.\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper studies optimal motion planning subject to motion and environment uncertainties. By modeling the system as a probabilistic labeled Markov decision process (PL-MDP), the control objective is to synthesize a finite-memory policy, under which the agent satisfies complex high-level tasks expressed as linear temporal logic (LTL) with desired satisfaction probability. In particular, the cost optimization of the trajectory that satisfies infinite horizon tasks is considered, and the trade-off between reducing the expected mean cost and maximizing the probability of task satisfaction is analyzed. Instead of using traditional Rabin automata, the LTL formulas are converted to limit-deterministic Büchi automata (LDBA) with a reachability acceptance condition and a compact graph structure. The novelty of this work lies in considering the cases where LTL specifications can be potentially infeasible and developing a relaxed product MDP between PL-MDP and LDBA. The relaxed product MDP allows the agent to revise its motion plan whenever the task is not fully feasible and quantify the revised plan’s violation measurement. A multi-objective optimization problem is then formulated to jointly consider the probability of task satisfaction, the violation with respect to original task constraints, and the implementation cost of the policy execution. The formulated problem can be solved via coupled linear programs. To the best of our knowledge, this work first bridges the gap between probabilistic planning revision of potential infeasible LTL specifications and optimal control synthesis of both plan prefix and plan suffix of the trajectory over the infinite horizons. Experimental results are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled *\"Optimal Probabilistic Motion Planning with Potential Infeasible LTL Constraints\"* addresses the synthesis of policies satisfying LTL constraints and involves the use of linear programming methods, it does not discuss or utilize Q-learning or other reinforcement learning techniques. The paper focuses on probabilistic motion planning using a probabilistic labeled Markov decision process (PL-MDP) and employs linear programming to solve a multi-objective optimization problem. However, the user query specifically asks for works that combine **Q-learning** and **Linear Programming** methods to find LTL-satisfying policies. Since Q-learning is not mentioned or used in this paper, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works that mentioned the reliance on L1/L2 losses tends to predict an average of all possible HR images?\nTitle: Perceptual Losses for Real-Time Style Transfer and Super-Resolution\nAbstract:  Abstract We consider image transformation problems, where an input image is transformed into an output image. Recent methods for such problems typically train feed-forward convolutional neural networks using a per-pixel loss between the output and ground-truth images. Parallel work has shown that high-quality images can be generated by defining and optimizing perceptual loss functions based on high-level features extracted from pretrained networks. We combine the benefits of both approaches, and propose the use of perceptual loss functions for training feed-forward networks for image transformation tasks. We show results on image style transfer, where a feed-forward network is trained to solve the optimization problem proposed by Gatys et al in real-time. Compared to the optimization-based method, our network gives similar qualitative results but is three orders of magnitude faster. We also experiment with single-image super-resolution, where replacing a per-pixel loss with a perceptual loss gives visually pleasing results. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Perceptual Losses for Real-Time Style Transfer and Super-Resolution,\" does not explicitly mention or discuss the reliance on L1/L2 losses tending to predict an average of all possible high-resolution (HR) images. While the paper does reference per-pixel losses (which include L1/L2 losses) and contrasts them with perceptual losses, it does not specifically address the tendency of L1/L2 losses to predict an average of all possible HR images. The focus of the paper is on the advantages of perceptual loss functions for image transformation tasks, rather than an in-depth analysis of the limitations of L1/L2 losses in the context of predicting averaged HR images. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you name some research about using encoder-decoder architectures in self-supervised skeleton-based action recognition?\nTitle: PREDICT & CLUSTER: Unsupervised Skeleton Based Action Recognition\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose a novel system for unsupervised skeleton-based action recognition. Given inputs of body keypoints sequences obtained during various movements, our system associates the sequences with actions. Our system is based on an encoder-decoder recurrent neural network, where the encoder learns a separable feature representation within its hidden states formed by training the model to perform prediction task. We show that according to such unsupervised training the decoder and the encoder self-organize their hidden states into a feature space which clusters similar movements into the same cluster and distinct movements into distant clusters. Current state-of-the-art methods for action recognition are strongly supervised, i.e., rely on providing labels for training. Unsupervised methods have been proposed, however, they require camera and depth inputs (RGB+D) at each time step. In contrast, our system is fully unsupervised, does not require labels of actions at any stage, and can operate with body keypoints input only. Furthermore, the method can perform on various dimensions of body keypoints (2D or 3D) and include additional cues describing movements. We evaluate our system on three extensive action recognition benchmarks with different number of actions and examples. Our results outperform prior unsupervised skeleton-based methods, unsupervised RGB+D based methods on cross-view tests and while being unsupervised have similar performance to supervised skeleton-based action recognition. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper discusses the use of an encoder-decoder architecture for skeleton-based action recognition, it focuses on an *unsupervised* approach rather than a *self-supervised* one. Self-supervised learning typically involves designing pretext tasks where the model learns representations by predicting some aspect of the input data (e.g., temporal ordering, masked reconstruction, etc.) without requiring labeled data. The abstract of the paper does not explicitly mention any self-supervised learning tasks or mechanisms; instead, it emphasizes clustering and prediction in an unsupervised manner. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query, which specifically asks for research on encoder-decoder architectures in *self-supervised* skeleton-based action recognition."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you give me examples of studies that proposed value-based offline RL algorithms?\nTitle: Playing Atari with Deep Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract We present the first deep learning model to successfully learn control policies directly from high-dimensional sensory input using reinforcement learning. The model is a convolutional neural network, trained with a variant of Q-learning, whose input is raw pixels and whose output is a value function estimating future rewards. We apply our method to seven Atari 2600 games from the Arcade Learning Environment, with no adjustment of the architecture or learning algorithm. We find that it outperforms all previous approaches on six of the games and surpasses a human expert on three of them.   ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Playing Atari with Deep Reinforcement Learning\" introduces a deep Q-learning algorithm that uses a convolutional neural network to estimate value functions. While this is a value-based reinforcement learning method, it is not specifically focused on offline reinforcement learning. Offline RL algorithms are designed to learn policies from a fixed dataset without further interaction with the environment, whereas the method described in this paper involves online interaction with the environment during training. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query for studies proposing value-based offline RL algorithms."}
{"input": "User Query: Which study first formally introduced the phenomenon of Overkill and constructed a high-quality dataset for it?\nTitle: XSTest: A Test Suite for Identifying Exaggerated Safety Behaviours in Large Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Without proper safeguards, large language models will readily follow malicious instructions and generate toxic content. This risk motivates safety efforts such as red-teaming and large-scale feedback learning, which aim to make models both helpful and harmless. However, there is a tension between these two objectives, since harmlessness requires models to refuse to comply with unsafe prompts, and thus not be helpful. Recent anecdotal evidence suggests that some models may have struck a poor balance, so that even clearly safe prompts are refused if they use similar language to unsafe prompts or mention sensitive topics. In this paper, we introduce a new test suite called XSTest to identify such eXaggerated Safety behaviours in a systematic way. XSTest comprises 250 safe prompts across ten prompt types that well-calibrated models should not refuse to comply with, and 200 unsafe prompts as contrasts that models, for most applications, should refuse. We describe XSTest’s creation and composition, and then use the test suite to highlight systematic failure modes in state-of-the-art language models as well as more general challenges in building safer language models. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper, titled \"XSTest: A Test Suite for Identifying Exaggerated Safety Behaviours in Large Language Models,\" introduces the concept of exaggerated safety behaviors in large language models and provides a dataset (XSTest) to evaluate these behaviors. However, it does not explicitly mention the phenomenon of \"Overkill\" or claim to have formally introduced it. The focus of the paper is on identifying and analyzing exaggerated safety behaviors, which may overlap conceptually with \"Overkill,\" but it does not explicitly frame or define the phenomenon as \"Overkill\" nor claim to be the first study to do so. Additionally, the dataset constructed in the paper is specifically tailored to exaggerated safety behaviors, not necessarily to the broader concept of Overkill as described in the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works are about enhancing network efficiency through feature re-use?\nTitle: Run, Don’t Walk: Chasing Higher FLOPS for Faster Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract To design fast neural networks, many works have been focusing on reducing the number of floating-point operations (FLOPs). We observe that such reduction in FLOPs, however, does not necessarily lead to a similar level of reduction in latency. This mainly stems from inefficiently low floating-point operations per second (FLOPS). To achieve faster networks, we revisit popular operators and demonstrate that such low FLOPS is mainly due to frequent memory access of the operators, especially the depthwise convolution. We hence propose a novel partial convolution (PConv) that extracts spatial features more efficiently, by cutting down redundant computation and memory access simultaneously. Building upon our PConv, we further propose FasterNet, a new family of neural networks, which attains substantially higher running speed than others on a wide range of devices, without compromising on accuracy for various vision tasks. For example, on ImageNet-1k, our tiny FasterNet-T0 is 2.8×2.8\\times, 3.3×3.3\\times, and 2.4×2.4\\times faster than MobileViT-XXS on GPU, CPU, and ARM processors, respectively, while being 2.9% more accurate. Our large FasterNet-L achieves impressive 83.5% top-1 accuracy, on par with the emerging Swin-B, while having 36% higher inference throughput on GPU, as well as saving 37% compute time on CPU. Code is available at https://github.com/JierunChen/FasterNet. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Run, Don’t Walk: Chasing Higher FLOPS for Faster Neural Networks\" primarily focuses on enhancing the efficiency of neural networks by reducing redundant computation and memory access, specifically through the introduction of a novel operator (PConv) and the design of FasterNet. While it discusses improving network efficiency, the emphasis is on optimizing operations and memory access rather than explicitly addressing feature re-use as a core mechanism. Feature re-use refers to techniques that leverage previously computed features or intermediate representations to improve efficiency, which is not the central theme of this paper. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me works about GAN-based talking head synthesis?\nTitle: Everybody’s Talkin’: Let Me Talk as You Want\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a method to edit a target portrait footage by taking a sequence of audio as input to synthesize a photo-realistic video. This method is unique because it is highly dynamic. It does not assume a person-specific rendering network yet capable of translating arbitrary source audio into arbitrary video output. Instead of learning a highly heterogeneous and nonlinear mapping from audio to the video directly, we first factorize each target video frame into orthogonal parameter spaces, i.e., expression, geometry, and pose, via monocular 3D face reconstruction. Next, a recurrent network is introduced to translate source audio into expression parameters that are primarily related to the audio content. The audio-translated expression parameters are then used to synthesize a photo-realistic human subject in each video frame, with the movement of the mouth regions precisely mapped to the source audio. The geometry and pose parameters of the target human portrait are retained, therefore preserving the context of the original video footage. Finally, we introduce a novel video rendering network and a dynamic programming method to construct a temporally coherent and photo-realistic video. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our method over existing approaches. Our method is end-to-end learnable and robust to voice variations in the source audio. Some results are shown in Fig. 1. Video results are shown on our project page111Project Page: https://wywu.github.io/projects/EBT/EBT.html. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: While the paper \"Everybody’s Talkin’: Let Me Talk as You Want\" addresses the synthesis of photo-realistic talking head videos from audio input, it does not explicitly mention the use of GANs (Generative Adversarial Networks) in its methodology. The paper describes the use of monocular 3D face reconstruction, a recurrent network for translating audio into expression parameters, and a novel video rendering network. However, there is no clear indication that GANs are employed in the process. Since the user query specifically requests works about GAN-based talking head synthesis, this paper does not fully satisfy the requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works are related to the development of RL methods in confounded contextual bandits?\nTitle: Semiparametric proximal causal inference\nAbstract: Skepticism about the assumption of no unmeasured confounding, also known as exchangeability, is often warranted in making causal inferences from observational data; because exchangeability hinges on an investigator's ability to accurately measure covariates that capture all potential sources of confounding. In practice, the most one can hope for is that covariate measurements are at best proxies of the true underlying confounding mechanism operating in a given observational study. In this paper, we consider the framework of proximal causal inference introduced by Miao et al. (2018); Tchetgen Tchetgen et al. (2020), which while explicitly acknowledging covariate measurements as imperfect proxies of confounding mechanisms, offers an opportunity to learn about causal effects in settings where exchangeability on the basis of measured covariates fails. We make a number of contributions to proximal inference including (i) an alternative set of conditions for nonparametric proximal identification of the average treatment effect; (ii) general semiparametric theory for proximal estimation of the average treatment effect including efficiency bounds for key semiparametric models of interest; (iii) a characterization of proximal doubly robust and locally efficient estimators of the average treatment effect. Moreover, we provide analogous identification and efficiency results for the average treatment effect on the treated. Our approach is illustrated via simulation studies and a data application on evaluating the effectiveness of right heart catheterization in the intensive care unit of critically ill patients.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Semiparametric proximal causal inference\" focuses on causal inference in observational data, specifically addressing the challenge of unmeasured confounding and proposing methods for proximal causal inference. While the paper discusses causal inference techniques and their application, it does not explicitly address reinforcement learning (RL) methods or contextual bandits, let alone confounded contextual bandits. The user query specifically seeks works related to the development of RL methods in the context of confounded contextual bandits, which this paper does not cover. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies presented algorithms for multi-agent RL with convergence guarantees such as federated version of TD and Q-learning, and policy gradient with fault tolerance?\nTitle: Untitled Document\nAbstract:  Abstract We present new benchmarks for evaluating code generation models: MBXP, Multilingual HumanEval, and MathQA-X. These datasets encompass over 10 programming languages and are generated using a scalable conversion framework that transpiles prompts and test cases from the original Python datasets into the corresponding data in the target language. With these benchmarks, we can assess the performance of code generation models in a multilingual context, uncovering the generalization ability of language models on out-of-domain languages, the advantages of multilingual models over monolingual ones, the potential of few-shot prompting to teach models new languages, and zero-shot translation capabilities, even in monolingual settings. Additionally, we utilize our code generation model for large-scale bootstrapping to obtain synthetic canonical solutions in various languages, which can be employed for other code-related evaluations, such as code insertion, robustness, or summarization tasks. Overall, our benchmarks represent a significant step towards a deeper understanding of language models' code generation abilities. We publicly release our code and datasets at https://github.com/amazon-research/mxeval. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper focuses on benchmarks for evaluating code generation models, particularly in a multilingual context. It introduces datasets and methods for assessing the performance of language models in generating code across various programming languages. However, it does not address multi-agent reinforcement learning (RL), algorithms with convergence guarantees, federated versions of TD and Q-learning, or policy gradient methods with fault tolerance. Therefore, the paper does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works have been conducted on region-level image annotation where fine-grained masks are automatically generated?\nTitle: Kosmos-2: Grounding Multimodal Large Language Models to the World\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce Kosmos-2, a Multimodal Large Language Model (MLLM), enabling new capabilities of perceiving object descriptions (e.g., bounding boxes) and grounding text to the visual world. Specifically, we represent refer expressions as links in Markdown, i.e., “[text span](bounding boxes)”, where object descriptions are sequences of location tokens. Together with multimodal corpora, we construct large-scale data of grounded image-text pairs (called GrIT) to train the model. In addition to the existing capabilities of MLLMs (e.g., perceiving general modalities, following instructions, and performing in-context learning), Kosmos-2 integrates the grounding capability into downstream applications. We evaluate Kosmos-2 on a wide range of tasks, including (i) multimodal grounding, such as referring expression comprehension, and phrase grounding, (ii) multimodal referring, such as referring expression generation, (iii) perception-language tasks, and (iv) language understanding and generation. This work lays out the foundation for the development of Embodiment AI and sheds light on the big convergence of language, multimodal perception, action, and world modeling, which is a key step toward artificial general intelligence. Code and pretrained models are available at https://aka.ms/kosmos-2. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Kosmos-2: Grounding Multimodal Large Language Models to the World\" focuses on grounding multimodal large language models to the visual world by linking text spans to object descriptions (e.g., bounding boxes) and constructing grounded image-text pairs. While it addresses tasks such as multimodal grounding and referring expression comprehension, it does not specifically address the generation of fine-grained masks for region-level image annotation. The paper primarily deals with bounding boxes and textual grounding rather than the automatic generation of detailed, fine-grained segmentation masks, which is the specific requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide me some works that are focused on subjective evaluations of large language models?\nTitle: AlpacaFarm: A Simulation Framework for Methods that Learn from Human Feedback\nAbstract:  Abstract Large language models (LLMs) such as ChatGPT have seen widespread adoption due to their strong instruction following abilities. Developing these LLMs involves a complex yet poorly understood workflow requiring training with human feedback. Replicating and understanding this instruction-following requires tackling three major challenges: the high cost of data collection, the lack of trustworthy evaluation, and the absence of reference method implementations. We address these challenges with AlpacaFarm, a simulator that enables research and development for learning from feedback at a low cost. First, we design LLM prompts to simulate human feedback that are 50x cheaper than crowdworkers and display high agreement with humans. Second, we propose an automatic evaluation and validate it against human instructions obtained on real-world interactions. Third, we contribute reference implementations for several methods (PPO, best-of-n𝑛n, expert iteration, and more) that learn from pairwise feedback. Finally, as an end-to-end validation of AlpacaFarm, we train and evaluate eleven models on 10k pairs of real human feedback and show that the rankings of models trained in AlpacaFarm match the rankings of models trained on human data. As a demonstration of the research possible in AlpacaFarm, we find that methods that use a reward model can substantially improve over supervised fine-tuning and that our reference PPO implementation leads to a +10% improvement in win-rate against Davinci003. We release all components of AlpacaFarm at https://github.com/tatsu-lab/alpaca_farm. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"AlpacaFarm: A Simulation Framework for Methods that Learn from Human Feedback\" discusses the development of a simulation framework for learning from human feedback and includes aspects of evaluation, its primary focus is on creating a cost-effective and scalable simulation environment for training and evaluating methods that learn from feedback. The paper emphasizes the simulation of human feedback, automatic evaluation methods, and reference implementations for training techniques. While it validates the simulation framework against real human feedback and includes some evaluation of models, the focus is not specifically on subjective evaluations of large language models. Subjective evaluations typically involve direct human judgment of model outputs, whereas this paper centers on simulating feedback and validating methods, which is a broader and more technical scope."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers suffer from low retrieval accuracy due to significant appearance gaps and poor metric learning techniques in the context of cross-view image retrieval methods for geo-localization?\nTitle: Wide-Area Image Geolocalization with Aerial Reference Imagery\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose to use deep convolutional neural networks to address the problem of cross-view image geolocalization, in which the geolocation of a ground-level query image is estimated by matching to georeferenced aerial images. We use state-of-the-art feature representations for ground-level images and introduce a cross-view training approach for learning a joint semantic feature representation for aerial images. We also propose a network architecture that fuses features extracted from aerial images at multiple spatial scales. To support training these networks, we introduce a massive database that contains pairs of aerial and ground-level images from across the United States. Our methods significantly out-perform the state of the art on two benchmark datasets. We also show, qualitatively, that the proposed feature representations are discriminative at both local and continental spatial scales. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper does not satisfy the requirements of the user query. The query specifically seeks papers that suffer from *low retrieval accuracy* due to *significant appearance gaps* and *poor metric learning techniques* in the context of cross-view image retrieval for geo-localization. However, the searched paper focuses on addressing these challenges by proposing a deep convolutional neural network approach, introducing a cross-view training method, and designing a network architecture that fuses multi-scale features. Furthermore, the paper claims to significantly outperform the state of the art on benchmark datasets, which implies that it does not suffer from low retrieval accuracy. Instead, it appears to tackle and mitigate the issues mentioned in the query. Therefore, the paper does not align with the criteria specified in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any studies that focus on optimal transport (OT) within mixup for interpolating features?\nTitle: Co-Mixup: Saliency Guided Joint Mixup with Supermodular Diversity\nAbstract:  Abstract While deep neural networks show great performance on fitting to the training distribution, improving the networks’ generalization performance to the test distribution and robustness to the sensitivity to input perturbations still remain as a challenge. Although a number of mixup based augmentation strategies have been proposed to partially address them, it remains unclear as to how to best utilize the supervisory signal within each input data for mixup from the optimization perspective. We propose a new perspective on batch mixup and formulate the optimal construction of a batch of mixup data maximizing the data saliency measure of each individual mixup data and encouraging the supermodular diversity among the constructed mixup data. This leads to a novel discrete optimization problem minimizing the difference between submodular functions. We also propose an efficient modular approximation based iterative submodular minimization algorithm for efficient mixup computation per each minibatch suitable for minibatch based neural network training. Our experiments show the proposed method achieves the state of the art generalization, calibration, and weakly supervised localization results compared to other mixup methods. The source code is available at https://github.com/snu-mllab/Co-Mixup††Correspondence to: Hyun Oh Song.. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Co-Mixup: Saliency Guided Joint Mixup with Supermodular Diversity\" does not focus on optimal transport (OT) within mixup for interpolating features. While the paper proposes a novel mixup method that optimizes the construction of mixup data by maximizing data saliency and encouraging supermodular diversity, it does not mention or utilize optimal transport (OT) as part of its methodology. The focus is on discrete optimization and submodular functions rather than OT, which is a specific mathematical framework for comparing and interpolating distributions. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers have discussed applications of MLLMs in image segmentation?\nTitle: OneFormer: One Transformer to Rule Universal Image Segmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract Universal Image Segmentation is not a new concept. Past attempts to unify image segmentation in the last decades include scene parsing, panoptic segmentation, and, more recently, new panoptic architectures. However, such panoptic architectures do not truly unify image segmentation because they need to be trained individually on the semantic, instance, or panoptic segmentation to achieve the best performance. Ideally, a truly universal framework should be trained only once and achieve SOTA performance across all three image segmentation tasks. To that end, we propose OneFormer, a universal image segmentation framework that unifies segmentation with a multi-task train-once design. We first propose a task-conditioned joint training strategy that enables training on ground truths of each domain (semantic, instance, and panoptic segmentation) within a single multi-task training process. Secondly, we introduce a task token to condition our model on the task at hand, making our model task-dynamic to support multi-task training and inference. Thirdly, we propose using a query-text contrastive loss during training to establish better inter-task and inter-class distinctions. Notably, our single OneFormer model outperforms specialized Mask2Former models across all three segmentation tasks on ADE20k, Cityscapes, and COCO, despite the latter being trained on each of the three tasks individually with three times the resources. With new ConvNeXt and DiNAT backbones, we observe even more performance improvement. We believe OneFormer is a significant step towards making image segmentation more universal and accessible. To support further research, we open-source our code and models at https://github.com/SHI-Labs/OneFormer. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"OneFormer: One Transformer to Rule Universal Image Segmentation\" does not discuss the applications of Multimodal Large Language Models (MLLMs) in image segmentation. Instead, it focuses on a universal image segmentation framework using a transformer-based approach. The paper introduces methods such as task-conditioned joint training, task tokens, and query-text contrastive loss to unify and improve performance across semantic, instance, and panoptic segmentation tasks. While it mentions the use of query-text contrastive loss, this does not imply the use of MLLMs, as the focus is on segmentation-specific techniques rather than leveraging MLLMs for image segmentation. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you name the study that pioneered the use of deep functional map methods to autonomously learn features from training data?\nTitle: Deep Functional Maps: Structured Prediction for Dense Shape Correspondence\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce a new framework for learning dense correspondence between deformable 3D shapes. Existing learning based approaches model shape correspondence as a labelling problem, where each point of a query shape receives a label identifying a point on some reference domain; the correspondence is then constructed a posteriori by composing the label predictions of two input shapes. We propose a paradigm shift and design a structured prediction model in the space of functional maps, linear operators that provide a compact representation of the correspondence. We model the learning process via a deep residual network which takes dense descriptor fields defined on two shapes as input, and outputs a soft map between the two given objects. The resulting correspondence is shown to be accurate on several challenging benchmarks comprising multiple categories, synthetic models, real scans with acquisition artifacts, topological noise, and partiality. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: While the paper titled \"Deep Functional Maps: Structured Prediction for Dense Shape Correspondence\" introduces a framework for learning dense correspondence between 3D shapes using functional maps, it does not explicitly claim to pioneer the use of deep functional map methods to autonomously learn features from training data. The focus of the paper is on structured prediction in the space of functional maps and leveraging deep residual networks for correspondence tasks. The user query specifically asks for a study that pioneered the use of deep functional map methods to autonomously learn features, and the abstract does not provide sufficient evidence that this paper satisfies that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Any works about heuristic approaches to discover common regions in images?\nTitle: ReCo: Retrieve and Co-segment for Zero-shot Transfer\nAbstract:  Abstract Semantic segmentation has a broad range of applications, but its real-world impact has been significantly limited by the prohibitive annotation costs necessary to enable deployment. Segmentation methods that forgo supervision can side-step these costs, but exhibit the inconvenient requirement to provide labelled examples from the target distribution to assign concept names to predictions. An alternative line of work in language-image pre-training has recently demonstrated the potential to produce models that can both assign names across large vocabularies of concepts and enable zero-shot transfer for classification, but do not demonstrate commensurate segmentation abilities. In this work, we strive to achieve a synthesis of these two approaches that combines their strengths. We leverage the retrieval abilities of one such language-image pre-trained model, CLIP, to dynamically curate training sets from unlabelled images for arbitrary collections of concept names, and leverage the robust correspondences offered by modern image representations to co-segment entities among the resulting collections. The synthetic segment collections are then employed to construct a segmentation model (without requiring pixel labels) whose knowledge of concepts is inherited from the scalable pre-training process of CLIP. We demonstrate that our approach, termed Retrieve and Co-segment (ReCo) performs favourably to unsupervised segmentation approaches while inheriting the convenience of nameable predictions and zero-shot transfer. We also demonstrate ReCo’s ability to generate specialist segmenters for extremely rare objects111Project page: https://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/ṽgg/research/reco. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"ReCo: Retrieve and Co-segment for Zero-shot Transfer\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses methods for discovering regions in images (via co-segmentation and leveraging pre-trained models like CLIP), it does not explicitly focus on *heuristic approaches* for this task. Instead, the method described relies on leveraging pre-trained language-image models and dynamic retrieval mechanisms, which are more aligned with machine learning and representation learning techniques rather than heuristic-based approaches. A heuristic approach typically involves rule-based or algorithmic strategies that do not rely on extensive training or pre-trained models, which is not the focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discussed the architectures of ResNet and EfficientNet?\nTitle: Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition\nAbstract:  Abstract Deeper neural networks are more difficult to train. We present a residual learning framework to ease the training of networks that are substantially deeper than those used previously. We explicitly reformulate the layers as learning residual functions with reference to the layer inputs, instead of learning unreferenced functions. We provide comprehensive empirical evidence showing that these residual networks are easier to optimize, and can gain accuracy from considerably increased depth. On the ImageNet dataset we evaluate residual nets with a depth of up to 152 layers—8×\\times deeper than VGG nets [41] but still having lower complexity. An ensemble of these residual nets achieves 3.57% error on the ImageNet test set. This result won the 1st place on the ILSVRC 2015 classification task. We also present analysis on CIFAR-10 with 100 and 1000 layers. The depth of representations is of central importance for many visual recognition tasks. Solely due to our extremely deep representations, we obtain a 28% relative improvement on the COCO object detection dataset. Deep residual nets are foundations of our submissions to ILSVRC & COCO 2015 competitions111http://image-net.org/challenges/LSVRC/2015/ and http://mscoco.org/dataset/#detections-challenge2015., where we also won the 1st places on the tasks of ImageNet detection, ImageNet localization, COCO detection, and COCO segmentation. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled *\"Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition,\"* focuses on the architecture and methodology of ResNet (Residual Networks). It provides a detailed discussion of the ResNet architecture, including its design, training, and performance. However, the user query specifically asks for papers discussing both **ResNet** and **EfficientNet** architectures. This paper does not mention or discuss EfficientNet, which is a separate neural network architecture introduced in a later work. Therefore, while the paper satisfies the ResNet aspect of the query, it does not address EfficientNet, and thus does not fully satisfy the user's requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers proposed methods for unsupervised manifold alignment using generative adversarial networks and the maximum mean discrepancy?\nTitle: MAGAN: Aligning Biological Manifolds\nAbstract:  Abstract It is increasingly common in many types of natural and physical systems (especially biological systems) to have different types of measurements performed on the same underlying system. In such settings, it is important to align the manifolds arising from each measurement in order to integrate such data and gain an improved picture of the system. We tackle this problem using generative adversarial networks (GANs). Recently, GANs have been utilized to try to find correspondences between sets of samples. However, these GANs are not explicitly designed for proper alignment of manifolds. We present a new GAN called the Manifold-Aligning GAN (MAGAN) that aligns two manifolds such that related points in each measurement space are aligned together. We demonstrate applications of MAGAN in single-cell biology in integrating two different measurement types together. In our demonstrated examples, cells from the same tissue are measured with both genomic (single-cell RNA-sequencing) and proteomic (mass cytometry) technologies. We show that the MAGAN successfully aligns them such that known correlations between measured markers are improved compared to other recently proposed models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper, \"MAGAN: Aligning Biological Manifolds,\" does propose a method for unsupervised manifold alignment using generative adversarial networks (GANs), it does not mention the use of the maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) as part of its methodology. The user query specifically requires papers that utilize both GANs and MMD for unsupervised manifold alignment. The abstract of the paper focuses on the use of GANs for manifold alignment but does not indicate that MMD is incorporated in the proposed method. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies that present simpler evaluations of P&R based on the estimation of the support of the distribution using a k-NN algorithm in image generative modeling?\nTitle: Improved Precision and Recall Metric for Assessing Generative Models\nAbstract:  Abstract The ability to automatically estimate the quality and coverage of the samples produced by a generative model is a vital requirement for driving algorithm research. We present an evaluation metric that can separately and reliably measure both of these aspects in image generation tasks by forming explicit, non-parametric representations of the manifolds of real and generated data. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our metric in StyleGAN and BigGAN by providing several illustrative examples where existing metrics yield uninformative or contradictory results. Furthermore, we analyze multiple design variants of StyleGAN to better understand the relationships between the model architecture, training methods, and the properties of the resulting sample distribution. In the process, we identify new variants that improve the state-of-the-art. We also perform the first principled analysis of truncation methods and identify an improved method. Finally, we extend our metric to estimate the perceptual quality of individual samples, and use this to study latent space interpolations. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled *\"Improved Precision and Recall Metric for Assessing Generative Models,\"* does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses evaluating precision and recall (P&R) in the context of generative models and introduces a non-parametric approach to assessing the quality and coverage of generated samples, it does not explicitly focus on simpler evaluations of P&R based on the estimation of the support of the distribution using a k-NN algorithm. The abstract mentions forming explicit, non-parametric representations of the manifolds of real and generated data, but it does not specify the use of k-NN for estimating the support of the distribution. Therefore, the paper does not directly address the specific methodology requested in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about Out-of-Distribution (OOD) objectives aiming to regularize ERM for learning invariant features?\nTitle: On Calibration and Out-of-domain Generalization\nAbstract:  Abstract Out-of-domain (OOD) generalization is a significant challenge for machine learning models. Many techniques have been proposed to overcome this challenge, often focused on learning models with certain invariance properties. In this work, we draw a link between OOD performance and model calibration, arguing that calibration across multiple domains can be viewed as a special case of an invariant representation leading to better OOD generalization. Specifically, we show that under certain conditions, models which achieve multi-domain calibration are provably free of spurious correlations. This leads us to propose multi-domain calibration as a measurable and trainable surrogate for the OOD performance of a classifier. We therefore introduce methods that are easy to apply and allow practitioners to improve multi-domain calibration by training or modifying an existing model, leading to better performance on unseen domains. Using four datasets from the recently proposed WILDS OOD benchmark [23], as well as the Colored MNIST dataset [21], we demonstrate that training or tuning models so they are calibrated across multiple domains leads to significantly improved performance on unseen test domains. We believe this intriguing connection between calibration and OOD generalization is promising from both a practical and theoretical point of view. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on the relationship between model calibration and out-of-domain (OOD) generalization. While it discusses learning invariant representations as a result of achieving multi-domain calibration, the primary objective of the paper is not explicitly about designing OOD objectives to regularize Empirical Risk Minimization (ERM) for learning invariant features. Instead, it proposes multi-domain calibration as a measurable and trainable surrogate for OOD performance, which is a distinct approach. The user query specifically asks for studies about OOD objectives that aim to regularize ERM for learning invariant features, and this paper does not directly address that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers discuss advancements made in pool-based active learning for deep neural networks?\nTitle: A Survey of Deep Active Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract. Active learning (AL) attempts to maximize a model’s performance gain while annotating the fewest samples possible. Deep learning (DL) is greedy for data and requires a large amount of data supply to optimize a massive number of parameters if the model is to learn how to extract high-quality features. In recent years, due to the rapid development of internet technology, we have entered an era of information abundance characterized by massive amounts of available data. As a result, DL has attracted significant attention from researchers and has been rapidly developed. Compared with DL, however, researchers have a relatively low interest in AL. This is mainly because before the rise of DL, traditional machine learning requires relatively few labeled samples, meaning that early AL is rarely according the value it deserves. Although DL has made breakthroughs in various fields, most of this success is due to a large number of publicly available annotated datasets. However, the acquisition of a large number of high-quality annotated datasets consumes a lot of manpower, making it unfeasible in fields that require high levels of expertise (such as speech recognition, information extraction, medical images, etc.). Therefore, AL is gradually coming to receive the attention it is due. It is therefore natural to investigate whether AL can be used to reduce the cost of sample annotation while retaining the powerful learning capabilities of DL. As a result of such investigations, deep active learning (DeepAL) has emerged. Although research on this topic is quite abundant, there has not yet been a comprehensive survey of DeepAL-related works; accordingly, this article aims to fill this gap. We provide a formal classification method for the existing work, along with a comprehensive and systematic overview. In addition, we also analyze and summarize the development of DeepAL from an application perspective. Finally, we discuss the confusion and problems associated with DeepAL and provide some possible development directions. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: While the paper titled \"A Survey of Deep Active Learning\" provides a comprehensive overview of deep active learning (DeepAL) and discusses its development, classification, and applications, the abstract does not explicitly mention advancements made specifically in **pool-based active learning** for deep neural networks. The user query specifically seeks papers that discuss advancements in **pool-based active learning**, which is a specific subset of active learning methods. The abstract of the paper does not provide sufficient evidence that it focuses on or details advancements in this specific area of active learning. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about the application of meta-learning methods in the domain generalization setting?\nTitle: Episodic Training for Domain Generalization\nAbstract:  Abstract Domain generalization (DG) is the challenging and topical problem of learning models that generalize to novel testing domains with different statistics than a set of known training domains. The simple approach of aggregating data from all source domains and training a single deep neural network end-to-end on all the data provides a surprisingly strong baseline that surpasses many prior published methods. In this paper we build on this strong baseline by designing an episodic training procedure that trains a single deep network in a way that exposes it to the domain shift that characterises a novel domain at runtime. Specifically, we decompose a deep network into feature extractor and classifier components, and then train each component by simulating it interacting with a partner who is badly tuned for the current domain. This makes both components more robust, ultimately leading to our networks producing state-of-the-art performance on three DG benchmarks. Furthermore, we consider the pervasive workflow of using an ImageNet trained CNN as a fixed feature extractor for downstream recognition tasks. Using the Visual Decathlon benchmark, we demonstrate that our episodic-DG training improves the performance of such a general purpose feature extractor by explicitly training a feature for robustness to novel problems. This shows that DG training can benefit standard practice in computer vision. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Episodic Training for Domain Generalization\" addresses the domain generalization (DG) setting and proposes an episodic training procedure, it does not explicitly mention or utilize meta-learning methods. The user query specifically asks for studies about the application of **meta-learning methods** in the DG setting. Meta-learning typically involves learning to learn, often through mechanisms like learning across tasks or episodes to generalize better to new tasks. Although the paper employs an episodic training approach, which might resemble meta-learning setups in structure, it does not explicitly frame or describe its method as meta-learning. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers in Face Anti-spoofing study domain generalization for a model to work effectively on unseen target domains?\nTitle: Adaptive Transformers for Robust Few-shot Cross-domain Face Anti-spoofing\nAbstract:  Abstract While recent face anti-spoofing methods perform well under the intra-domain setups, an effective approach needs to account for much larger appearance variations of images acquired in complex scenes with different sensors for robust performance. In this paper, we present adaptive vision transformers (ViT) for robust cross-domain face anti-spoofing. Specifically, we adopt ViT as a backbone to exploit its strength to account for long-range dependencies among pixels. We further introduce the ensemble adapters module and feature-wise transformation layers in the ViT to adapt to different domains for robust performance with a few samples. Experiments on several benchmark datasets show that the proposed models achieve both robust and competitive performance against the state-of-the-art methods for cross-domain face anti-spoofing using a few samples.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on cross-domain face anti-spoofing using adaptive vision transformers (ViT) and aims to achieve robust performance with a few samples from the target domain. While the paper addresses cross-domain face anti-spoofing, it does not explicitly focus on domain generalization, which involves training a model to generalize effectively to unseen target domains without requiring any target domain samples during training. Instead, the paper emphasizes adapting to different domains using a few samples, which aligns more with domain adaptation rather than domain generalization. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works are related to the analysis of the interpretability of embedding spaces in contrastive learning?\nTitle: Quantifying Learnability and Describability of Visual Concepts Emerging in Representation Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract The increasing impact of black box models, and particularly of unsupervised ones, comes with an increasing interest in tools to understand and interpret them. In this paper, we consider in particular how to characterise visual groupings discovered automatically by deep neural networks, starting with state-of-the-art clustering methods. In some cases, clusters readily correspond to an existing labelled dataset. However, often they do not, yet they still maintain an “intuitive interpretability”. We introduce two concepts, visual learnability and describability, that can be used to quantify the interpretability of arbitrary image groupings, including unsupervised ones. The idea is to measure (1) how well humans can learn to reproduce a grouping by measuring their ability to generalise from a small set of visual examples (learnability) and (2) whether the set of visual examples can be replaced by a succinct, textual description (describability). By assessing human annotators as classifiers, we remove the subjective quality of existing evaluation metrics. For better scalability, we finally propose a class-level captioning system to generate descriptions for visual groupings automatically and compare it to human annotators using the describability metric. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: While the paper focuses on the interpretability of visual groupings discovered by deep neural networks and introduces metrics such as \"visual learnability\" and \"describability\" to quantify interpretability, it does not specifically address the analysis of the interpretability of embedding spaces in the context of **contrastive learning**. The user query explicitly seeks works related to the interpretability of embedding spaces in contrastive learning, which is a specific subset of representation learning. The searched paper does not mention contrastive learning or embedding spaces derived from it, and instead focuses on clustering methods and general interpretability of visual groupings. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide some studies about discrete prompts?\nTitle: Universal Adversarial Triggers for Attacking and Analyzing NLP WARNING: This paper contains model outputs which are offensive in nature.\nAbstract:  Abstract Adversarial examples highlight model vulnerabilities and are useful for evaluation and interpretation. We define universal adversarial triggers: input-agnostic sequences of tokens that trigger a model to produce a specific prediction when concatenated to any input from a dataset. We propose a gradient-guided search over tokens which finds short trigger sequences (e.g., one word for classification and four words for language modeling) that successfully trigger the target prediction. For example, triggers cause SNLI entailment accuracy to drop from 89.94% to 0.55%, 72% of “why” questions in SQuAD to be answered “to kill american people”, and the GPT-2 language model to spew racist output even when conditioned on non-racial contexts. Furthermore, although the triggers are optimized using white-box access to a specific model, they transfer to other models for all tasks we consider. Finally, since triggers are input-agnostic, they provide an analysis of global model behavior. For instance, they confirm that SNLI models exploit dataset biases and help to diagnose heuristics learned by reading comprehension models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The user query specifically asks for studies about \"discrete prompts.\" While the searched paper, *\"Universal Adversarial Triggers for Attacking and Analyzing NLP,\"* discusses universal adversarial triggers, which are input-agnostic token sequences designed to manipulate model outputs, the focus of the paper is on adversarial attacks and model vulnerabilities rather than discrete prompts in the context of AI research. Discrete prompts typically refer to specific, interpretable input sequences used to guide or control model behavior in a constructive manner, such as in prompt engineering for NLP tasks. The paper does not align with this focus, as it emphasizes adversarial manipulation and analysis rather than the design or study of discrete prompts for productive use."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies provided indoor 3D datasets which are used to create 3D visual grounding datasets?\nTitle: RIO: 3D Object Instance Re-Localization in Changing Indoor Environments\nAbstract:  Abstract In this work, we introduce the task of 3D object instance re-localization (RIO): given one or multiple objects in an RGB-D scan, we want to estimate their corresponding 6DoF poses in another 3D scan of the same environment taken at a later point in time. We consider RIO a particularly important task in 3D vision since it enables a wide range of practical applications, including AI-assistants or robots that are asked to find a specific object in a 3D scene. To address this problem, we first introduce 3RScan, a novel dataset and benchmark, which features 1482 RGB-D scans of 478 environments across multiple time steps. Each scene includes several objects whose positions change over time, together with ground truth annotations of object instances and their respective 6DoF mappings among re-scans. Automatically finding 6DoF object poses leads to a particular challenging feature matching task due to varying partial observations and changes in the surrounding context. To this end, we introduce a new data-driven approach that efficiently finds matching features using a fully-convolutional 3D correspondence network operating on multiple spatial scales. Combined with a 6DoF pose optimization, our method outperforms state-of-the-art baselines on our newly-established benchmark, achieving an accuracy of 30.58%. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper introduces the 3RScan dataset, which is an indoor 3D dataset featuring RGB-D scans of environments and objects with annotations, it does not explicitly state that this dataset is used for creating 3D visual grounding datasets. The focus of the paper is on 3D object instance re-localization and estimating 6DoF poses of objects across scans in changing environments. Although the dataset may have potential applications in 3D visual grounding, the paper does not provide evidence or discussion that it has been used for this specific purpose. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers studied relevant techniques on control of a multi-camera team?\nTitle: FlyCap: Markerless Motion Capture Using Multiple Autonomous Flying Cameras\nAbstract: Aiming at automatic, convenient and non-instrusive motion capture, this paper presents a new generation markerless motion capture technique, the FlyCap system, to capture surface motions of moving characters using multiple autonomous flying cameras (autonomous unmanned aerial vehicles(UAV) each integrated with an RGBD video camera). During data capture, three cooperative flying cameras automatically track and follow the moving target who performs large scale motions in a wide space. We propose a novel non-rigid surface registration method to track and fuse the depth of the three flying cameras for surface motion tracking of the moving target, and simultaneously calculate the pose of each flying camera. We leverage the using of visual-odometry information provided by the UAV platform, and formulate the surface tracking problem in a non-linear objective function that can be linearized and effectively minimized through a Gaussian-Newton method. Quantitative and qualitative experimental results demonstrate the competent and plausible surface and motion reconstruction results", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"FlyCap: Markerless Motion Capture Using Multiple Autonomous Flying Cameras\" discusses the use of multiple autonomous flying cameras for markerless motion capture, its primary focus is on motion capture techniques, surface motion tracking, and non-rigid surface registration. Although it mentions the cooperative behavior of the flying cameras, the paper does not explicitly focus on the techniques or methods for controlling a multi-camera team. The control of the multi-camera team is only a secondary aspect mentioned in the context of achieving the motion capture goals, rather than being the central topic of study. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query, which specifically seeks papers studying techniques for controlling a multi-camera team."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers discuss how deduplication can reduce, but not eliminate, memorization in machine learning models?\nTitle: Privacy-preserving PredictionAccepted for presentation at Conference on Learning Theory (COLT) 2018.\nAbstract:  Abstract Ensuring differential privacy of models learned from sensitive user data is an important goal that has been studied extensively in recent years. It is now known that for some basic learning problems, especially those involving high-dimensional data, producing an accurate private model requires much more data than learning without privacy. At the same time, in many applications it is not necessary to expose the model itself. Instead users may be allowed to query the prediction model on their inputs only through an appropriate interface. Here we formulate the problem of ensuring privacy of individual predictions and investigate the overheads required to achieve it in several standard models of classification and regression. We first describe a simple baseline approach based on training several models on disjoint subsets of data and using standard private aggregation techniques to predict. We show that this approach has nearly optimal sample complexity for (realizable) PAC learning of any class of Boolean functions. At the same time, without strong assumptions on the data distribution, the aggregation step introduces a substantial overhead. We demonstrate that this overhead can be avoided for the well-studied class of thresholds on a line and for a number of standard settings of convex regression. The analysis of our algorithm for learning thresholds relies crucially on strong generalization guarantees that we establish for all differentially private prediction algorithms. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Privacy-preserving Prediction\" focuses on ensuring differential privacy in machine learning models and explores methods to protect the privacy of individual predictions. It discusses topics such as private model aggregation, sample complexity, and generalization guarantees for differentially private prediction algorithms. However, it does not address the concept of deduplication or its role in reducing (but not eliminating) memorization in machine learning models. The user query specifically seeks papers that discuss deduplication and its effects on memorization, which is not covered in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some studies that showed interpolating between a model's fine-tuned weights and its pre-trained initialization can lead to improved performance on single tasks?\nTitle: Averaging Weights Leads to Wider Optima and Better Generalization\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep neural networks are typically trained by optimizing a loss function with an SGD variant, in conjunction with a decaying learning rate, until convergence. We show that simple averaging of multiple points along the trajectory of SGD, with a cyclical or constant learning rate, leads to better generalization than conventional training. We also show that this Stochastic Weight Averaging (SWA) procedure finds much flatter solutions than SGD, and approximates the recent Fast Geometric Ensembling (FGE) approach with a single model. Using SWA we achieve notable improvement in test accuracy over conventional SGD training on a range of state-of-the-art residual networks, PyramidNets, DenseNets, and Shake-Shake networks on CIFAR-101010, CIFAR-100100100, and ImageNet. In short, SWA is extremely easy to implement, improves generalization, and has almost no computational overhead. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Averaging Weights Leads to Wider Optima and Better Generalization\" discusses the Stochastic Weight Averaging (SWA) procedure, which involves averaging weights along the trajectory of SGD to achieve better generalization and flatter solutions. However, it does not specifically address interpolating between a model's fine-tuned weights and its pre-trained initialization, nor does it investigate how such interpolation leads to improved performance on single tasks. The focus of the paper is on weight averaging during training, not on interpolation between pre-trained and fine-tuned weights. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide the studies that proposed scene synthesis from a floor plan?\nTitle: Fast and Flexible Indoor Scene Synthesis via Deep Convolutional Generative Models\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a new, fast and flexible pipeline for indoor scene synthesis that is based on deep convolutional generative models. Our method operates on a top-down image-based representation, and inserts objects iteratively into the scene by predicting their category, location, orientation and size with separate neural network modules. Our pipeline naturally supports automatic completion of partial scenes, as well as synthesis of complete scenes. Our method is significantly faster than the previous image-based method and generates result that outperforms state-of-the-art generative scene models in terms of faithfulness to training data and perceived visual quality. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The searched paper discusses a method for indoor scene synthesis using deep convolutional generative models, focusing on a top-down image-based representation. However, it does not explicitly mention synthesizing scenes from a floor plan. The user query specifically asks for studies that propose scene synthesis from a floor plan, which involves generating scenes based on structured spatial layouts or architectural designs. The abstract of the searched paper does not indicate that it addresses this specific requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you list some works in the field of Language concept bottleneck models (CBM)?\nTitle: Visual Classification via Description from Large Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Vision-language models (VLMs) such as CLIP have shown promising performance on a variety of recognition tasks using the standard zero-shot classification procedure – computing similarity between the query image and the embedded words for each category. By only using the category name, they neglect to make use of the rich context of additional information that language affords. The procedure gives no intermediate understanding of why a category is chosen, and furthermore provides no mechanism for adjusting the criteria used towards this decision. We present an alternative framework for classification with VLMs, which we call classification by description. We ask VLMs to check for descriptive features rather than broad categories: to find a tiger, look for its stripes; its claws; and more. By basing decisions on these descriptors, we can provide additional cues that encourage using the features we want to be used. In the process, we can get a clear idea of what features the model uses to construct its decision; it gains some level of inherent explainability. We query large language models (e.g., GPT-3) for these descriptors to obtain them in a scalable way. Extensive experiments show our framework has numerous advantages past interpretability. We show improvements in accuracy on ImageNet across distribution shifts; demonstrate the ability to adapt VLMs to recognize concepts unseen during training; and illustrate how descriptors can be edited to effectively mitigate bias compared to the baseline. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Visual Classification via Description from Large Language Models,\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses a framework for classification using descriptive features derived from language models, it does not explicitly focus on or mention \"Language Concept Bottleneck Models (CBM).\" Concept bottleneck models typically involve using intermediate concept representations to improve interpretability and control in machine learning models. Although the paper introduces a method to enhance explainability and interpretability by leveraging descriptive features, it does not frame this approach within the specific context of concept bottleneck models or explicitly use the terminology or methodology associated with CBMs. Therefore, it does not directly align with the user's request for works in the field of Language Concept Bottleneck Models."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers analyzed the lower bounds on minimax error in CSO?\nTitle: Biased Stochastic Gradient Descent for Conditional Stochastic Optimization\nAbstract:  Abstract Conditional Stochastic Optimization (CSO) covers a variety of applications ranging from meta-learning and causal inference to invariant learning. However, constructing unbiased gradient estimates in CSO is challenging due to the composition structure. As an alternative, we propose a biased stochastic gradient descent (BSGD) algorithm and study the bias-variance tradeoff under different structural assumptions. We establish the sample complexities of BSGD for strongly convex, convex, and weakly convex objectives, under smooth and non-smooth conditions. We also provide matching lower bounds of BSGD for convex CSO objectives. Extensive numerical experiments are conducted to illustrate the performance of BSGD on robust logistic regression, model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML), and instrumental variable regression (IV). ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper focuses on analyzing the lower bounds of the **biased stochastic gradient descent (BSGD)** algorithm for convex CSO objectives, as well as its bias-variance tradeoff and sample complexities. However, the user query specifically asks for papers that analyze the **lower bounds on minimax error** in Conditional Stochastic Optimization (CSO). While the paper does discuss lower bounds, it does so in the context of the BSGD algorithm rather than addressing the minimax error directly. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Any works that studied a stochastic linear bandits with informed feedback graphs?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the abstract are not detailed enough to determine whether the paper specifically studies stochastic linear bandits with informed feedback graphs. The title and abstract do not explicitly mention stochastic linear bandits, informed feedback graphs, or any related concepts. Without further information or a more descriptive abstract, it is not possible to confirm that the paper satisfies the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which study probed representations to look into the memory abilities of agents?\nTitle: Shaping Belief States with Generative Environment Models for RL\nAbstract:  Abstract When agents interact with a complex environment, they must form and maintain beliefs about the relevant aspects of that environment. We propose a way to efficiently train expressive generative models in complex environments. We show that a predictive algorithm with an expressive generative model can form stable belief-states in visually rich and dynamic 3D environments. More precisely, we show that the learned representation captures the layout of the environment as well as the position and orientation of the agent. Our experiments show that the model substantially improves data-efficiency on a number of reinforcement learning (RL) tasks compared with strong model-free baseline agents. We find that predicting multiple steps into the future (overshooting), in combination with an expressive generative model, is critical for stable representations to emerge. In practice, using expressive generative models in RL is computationally expensive and we propose a scheme to reduce this computational burden, allowing us to build agents that are competitive with model-free baselines. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"Shaping Belief States with Generative Environment Models for RL\" primarily focuses on the formation of belief states and the use of generative models in reinforcement learning (RL) to improve data efficiency and stability in representations. While the paper discusses representations and their role in capturing environmental layouts and agent states, it does not explicitly probe representations to investigate the memory abilities of agents. The focus is more on predictive modeling and improving RL performance rather than directly studying or evaluating memory capabilities. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any recent research works based on automatic hierarchy learning in the scope of visual contents?\nTitle: End-to-End Object Detection with Adaptive Clustering Transformer\nAbstract:  Abstract End-to-end Object Detection with Transformer (DETR) performs object detection with Transformer and achieves comparable performance with two-stage object detection like Faster-RCNN. However, DETR needs huge computational resources for training and inference due to the high-resolution spatial inputs. In this paper, a novel variant of transformer named Adaptive Clustering Transformer (ACT) has been proposed to reduce the computation cost for high-resolution input. ACT clusters the query features adaptively using Locality Sensitive Hashing (LSH) and approximates the query-key interaction using the prototype-key interaction. ACT can reduce the quadratic O(N2superscript𝑁2N^{2}) complexity inside self-attention into O(N​K𝑁𝐾NK) where K is the number of prototypes in each layer. ACT can be a drop-in module replacing the original self-attention module without any training. ACT achieves a good balance between accuracy and computation cost (FLOPs). The code is available as supplementary for the ease of experiment replication and verification. Code is released at https://github.com/gaopengcuhk/SMCA-DETR/ ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"End-to-End Object Detection with Adaptive Clustering Transformer\" focuses on improving the computational efficiency of object detection using a novel Adaptive Clustering Transformer (ACT). While it introduces the concept of clustering query features adaptively, the paper does not explicitly address or explore automatic hierarchy learning in the context of visual content. Hierarchy learning typically involves learning structured, multi-level representations or relationships (e.g., hierarchical feature representations or object relationships), which is not the primary focus of this work. Instead, the paper is centered on computational optimization and efficient object detection. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: In which paper is A* viewed as a Markov Decision Process with the Q-function equal to the number of steps of A* reaching the solution?\nTitle: Learning Heuristic Search via Imitation\nAbstract:  Abstract Robotic motion planning problems are typically solved by constructing a search tree of valid maneuvers from a start to a goal configuration. Limited onboard computation and real-time planning constraints impose a limit on how large this search tree can grow. Heuristics play a crucial role in such situations by guiding the search towards potentially good directions and consequently minimizing search effort. Moreover, it must infer such directions in an efficient manner using only the information uncovered by the search up until that time. However, state of the art methods do not address the problem of computing a heuristic that explicitly minimizes search effort. In this paper, we do so by training a heuristic policy that maps the partial information from the search to decide which node of the search tree to expand. Unfortunately, naively training such policies leads to slow convergence and poor local minima. We present SaIL, an efficient algorithm that trains heuristic policies by imitating clairvoyant oracles - oracles that have full information about the world and demonstrate decisions that minimize search effort. We leverage the fact that such oracles can be efficiently computed using dynamic programming and derive performance guarantees for the learnt heuristic. We validate the approach on a spectrum of environments which show that SaIL consistently outperforms state of the art algorithms. Our approach paves the way forward for learning heuristics that demonstrate an anytime nature - finding feasible solutions quickly and incrementally refining it over time. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The searched paper, \"Learning Heuristic Search via Imitation,\" focuses on training heuristic policies for guiding search algorithms to minimize search effort, particularly in robotic motion planning. While it discusses heuristic search and dynamic programming, the paper does not explicitly frame A* as a Markov Decision Process (MDP) with the Q-function equal to the number of steps of A* reaching the solution. The user query specifically asks for a paper that interprets A* in the context of an MDP with this precise Q-function definition, which is not addressed in the abstract of the searched paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about training-free fast samplers at inference?\nTitle: Gotta Go Fast When Generating Data with Score-Based Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Score-based (denoising diffusion) generative models have recently gained a lot of success in generating realistic and diverse data. These approaches define a forward diffusion process for transforming data to noise and generate data by reversing it (thereby going from noise to data). Unfortunately, current score-based models generate data very slowly due to the sheer number of score network evaluations required by numerical SDE solvers. In this work, we aim to accelerate this process by devising a more efficient SDE solver. Existing approaches rely on the Euler-Maruyama (EM) solver, which uses a fixed step size. We found that naively replacing it with other SDE solvers fares poorly - they either result in low-quality samples or become slower than EM. To get around this issue, we carefully devise an SDE solver with adaptive step sizes tailored to score-based generative models piece by piece. Our solver requires only two score function evaluations, rarely rejects samples, and leads to high-quality samples. Our approach generates data 2 to 10 times faster than EM while achieving better or equal sample quality. For high-resolution images, our method leads to significantly higher quality samples than all other methods tested. Our SDE solver has the benefit of requiring no step size tuning. Code is available on https://github.com/AlexiaJM/score_sde_fast_sampling. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on accelerating the sampling process in score-based generative models by devising a more efficient SDE solver. While it discusses improving the speed of sampling during inference, it does not meet the specific requirement of being \"training-free.\" The paper does not explicitly state that the proposed method is entirely training-free; instead, it emphasizes the development of a better SDE solver for faster sampling. The user query explicitly seeks studies on \"training-free fast samplers,\" and the paper does not fully satisfy this requirement as it does not clarify whether the approach avoids any additional training or retraining of the model."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works are focused on online unsupervised skill discovery for hierarchical RL?\nTitle: Learning Latent Plans from Play\nAbstract:  Abstract Acquiring a diverse repertoire of general-purpose skills remains an open challenge for robotics. In this work, we propose self-supervising control on top of human teleoperated play data as a way to scale up skill learning. Play has two properties that make it attractive compared to conventional task demonstrations. Play is cheap, as it can be collected in large quantities quickly without task segmenting, labeling, or resetting to an initial state. Play is naturally rich, covering ∼similar-to\\sim4x more interaction space than task demonstrations for the same amount of collection time. To learn control from play, we introduce Play-LMP, a self-supervised method that learns to organize play behaviors in a latent space, then reuse them at test time to achieve specific goals. Combining self-supervised control with a diverse play dataset shifts the focus of skill learning from a narrow and discrete set of tasks to the full continuum of behaviors available in an environment. We find that this combination generalizes well empirically—after self-supervising on unlabeled play, our method substantially outperforms individual expert-trained policies on 18 difficult user-specified visual manipulation tasks in a simulated robotic tabletop environment. We additionally find that play-supervised models, unlike their expert-trained counterparts, are more robust to perturbations and exhibit retrying-till-success behaviors. Finally, we find that our agent organizes its latent plan space around functional tasks, despite never being trained with task labels. Videos, code and data are available at learning-from-play.github.io ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Learning Latent Plans from Play\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper focuses on self-supervised skill learning and the organization of behaviors in a latent space, it does so using offline human teleoperated play data. The method, Play-LMP, relies on pre-collected play data rather than an online unsupervised skill discovery process. Additionally, the paper does not explicitly address hierarchical reinforcement learning (RL) in the context of online skill discovery. Instead, it emphasizes leveraging offline play data to generalize to new tasks and improve robustness. Therefore, it does not meet the specific focus of the query on **online unsupervised skill discovery for hierarchical RL**."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research provided fine-tuning model editors using KL-divergence?\nTitle: Fast Model Editing at Scale\nAbstract:  Abstract While large pre-trained models have enabled impressive results on a variety of downstream tasks, the largest existing models still make errors, and even accurate predictions may become outdated over time. Because detecting all such failures at training time is impossible, enabling both developers and end users of such models to correct inaccurate outputs while leaving the model otherwise intact is desirable. However, the distributed, black-box nature of the representations learned by large neural networks makes producing such targeted edits difficult. If presented with only a single problematic input and new desired output, fine-tuning approaches tend to overfit; other editing algorithms are either computationally infeasible or simply ineffective when applied to very large models. To enable easy post-hoc editing at scale, we propose Model Editor Networks with Gradient Decomposition (MEND), a collection of small auxiliary editing networks that use a single desired input-output pair to make fast, local edits to a pre-trained model’s behavior. MEND learns to transform the gradient obtained by standard fine-tuning, using a low-rank decomposition of the gradient to make the parameterization of this transformation tractable. MEND can be trained on a single GPU in less than a day even for 10 billion+ parameter models; once trained MEND enables rapid application of new edits to the pre-trained model. Our experiments with T5, GPT, BERT, and BART models show that MEND is the only approach to model editing that effectively edits the behavior of models with more than 10 billion parameters. Code and data available at https://sites.google.com/view/mend-editing. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"Fast Model Editing at Scale,\" introduces Model Editor Networks with Gradient Decomposition (MEND) as a method for post-hoc editing of large pre-trained models. While the paper discusses fine-tuning approaches and proposes a novel method for making targeted edits, it does not explicitly mention the use of KL-divergence as part of the fine-tuning or model editing process. The user query specifically asks for research that uses KL-divergence in fine-tuning model editors, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work investigates the under-explored text encoder in T2I pipelines?\nTitle: The Hidden Language of Diffusion Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Text-to-image diffusion models have demonstrated an unparalleled ability to generate high-quality, diverse images from a textual prompt. However, the internal representations learned by these models remain an enigma. In this work, we present Conceptor, a novel method to interpret the internal representation of a textual concept by a diffusion model. This interpretation is obtained by decomposing the concept into a small set of human-interpretable textual elements. Applied over the state-of-the-art Stable Diffusion model, Conceptor reveals non-trivial structures in the representations of concepts. For example, we find surprising visual connections between concepts, that transcend their textual semantics. We additionally discover concepts that rely on mixtures of exemplars, biases, renowned artistic styles, or a simultaneous fusion of multiple meanings of the concept. Through a large battery of experiments, we demonstrate Conceptor’s ability to provide meaningful, robust, and faithful decompositions for a wide variety of abstract, concrete, and complex textual concepts, while allowing to naturally connect each decomposition element to its corresponding visual impact on the generated images. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"The Hidden Language of Diffusion Models\" primarily focuses on interpreting the internal representations of textual concepts in text-to-image (T2I) diffusion models using a method called Conceptor. While it explores the internal workings of diffusion models and their learned representations, it does not specifically investigate the text encoder component of T2I pipelines, which is the focus of the user query. The text encoder, a crucial part of T2I pipelines, is not explicitly mentioned or analyzed in the abstract, and the work appears to concentrate more on the overall internal representations and their visual impacts rather than the under-explored aspects of the text encoder itself."}
{"input": "User Query: What work is closely related to the study in this paper that tried to handle simultaneity via a single model?\nTitle: Environment-agnostic Multitask Learning for Natural Language Grounded Navigation\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent research efforts enable study for natural language grounded navigation in photo-realistic environments, e.g., following natural language instructions or dialog. However, existing methods tend to overfit training data in seen environments and fail to generalize well in previously unseen environments. To close the gap between seen and unseen environments, we aim at learning a generalized navigation model from two novel perspectives: (1) we introduce a multitask navigation model that can be seamlessly trained on both Vision-Language Navigation (VLN) and Navigation from Dialog History (NDH) tasks, which benefits from richer natural language guidance and effectively transfers knowledge across tasks; (2) we propose to learn environment-agnostic representations for the navigation policy that are invariant among the environments seen during training, thus generalizing better on unseen environments. Extensive experiments show that environment-agnostic multitask learning significantly reduces the performance gap between seen and unseen environments, and the navigation agent trained so outperforms baselines on unseen environments by 16% (relative measure on success rate) on VLN and 120% (goal progress) on NDH. Our submission to the CVDN leaderboard establishes a new state-of-the-art for the NDH task on the holdout test set. Code is available at https://github.com/google-research/valan. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper focuses on environment-agnostic multitask learning for natural language grounded navigation, specifically addressing the generalization gap between seen and unseen environments. While it introduces a multitask navigation model that handles two tasks (Vision-Language Navigation and Navigation from Dialog History) within a single framework, the primary focus is on generalization and environment-agnostic representations rather than explicitly addressing simultaneity via a single model. The user query specifically asks about work related to handling simultaneity, which is not the central theme of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies propose using masks, explanatory graphs, and probabilistic models to interpret the internal layers of CNNs?\nTitle: Dataset Distillation via Factorization\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper, we study dataset distillation (DD), from a novel perspective and introduce a dataset factorization approach, termed HaBa, which is a plug-and-play strategy portable to any existing DD baseline. Unlike conventional DD approaches that aim to produce distilled and representative samples, HaBa explores decomposing a dataset into two components: data Hallucination networks and Bases, where the latter is fed into the former to reconstruct image samples. The flexible combinations between bases and hallucination networks, therefore, equip the distilled data with exponential informativeness gain, which largely increase the representation capability of distilled datasets. To furthermore increase the data efficiency of compression results, we further introduce a pair of adversarial contrastive constraints on the resultant hallucination networks and bases, which increase the diversity of generated images and inject more discriminant information into the factorization. Extensive comparisons and experiments demonstrate that our method can yield significant improvement on downstream classification tasks compared with previous state of the arts, while reducing the total number of compressed parameters by up to 65%. Moreover, distilled datasets by our approach also achieve ~10% higher accuracy than baseline methods in cross-architecture generalization. Our code is available here. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper titled \"Dataset Distillation via Factorization\" does not address the interpretation of the internal layers of CNNs using masks, explanatory graphs, or probabilistic models. Instead, it focuses on dataset distillation, proposing a novel dataset factorization approach called HaBa to enhance the representation capability of distilled datasets. The paper emphasizes dataset compression, hallucination networks, and bases, as well as adversarial contrastive constraints, but it does not discuss methods for interpreting CNN internal layers or the use of masks, explanatory graphs, or probabilistic models for such purposes. Therefore, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some examples of weakly supervised domain adaptive semantic segmentation?\nTitle: Urban Scene Semantic Segmentation with Low-Cost Coarse Annotation\nAbstract:  Abstract For best performance, today’s semantic segmentation methods use large and carefully labeled datasets, requiring expensive annotation budgets. In this work, we show that coarse annotation is a low-cost but highly effective alternative for training semantic segmentation models. Considering the urban scene segmentation scenario, we leverage cheap coarse annotations for real-world captured data, as well as synthetic data to train our model and show competitive performance compared with finely annotated real-world data. Specifically, we propose a coarse-to-fine self-training framework that generates pseudo labels for unlabeled regions of the coarsely annotated data, using synthetic data to improve predictions around the boundaries between semantic classes, and using cross-domain data augmentation to increase diversity. Our extensive experimental results on Cityscapes and BDD100k datasets demonstrate that our method achieves a significantly better performance vs annotation cost tradeoff, yielding a comparable performance to fully annotated data with only a small fraction of the annotation budget. Also, when used as pretraining, our framework performs better compared to the standard fully supervised setting.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on semantic segmentation using low-cost coarse annotations and proposes a coarse-to-fine self-training framework. While the method leverages synthetic data and real-world data with coarse annotations, it does not explicitly address or emphasize *domain adaptation* in the context of weak supervision. Domain adaptation typically involves adapting a model trained on one domain (e.g., synthetic data) to perform well on a different domain (e.g., real-world data). Although the paper mentions using synthetic data to improve predictions and cross-domain data augmentation, the primary focus is on improving segmentation performance with coarse annotations rather than explicitly tackling domain adaptation challenges. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query, which specifically asks for examples of weakly supervised *domain adaptive* semantic segmentation."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you mention the works that extended tasks from Alpaca by introducing filters and rewrites of seed tasks in different languages?\nTitle: PolyLM: An Open Source Polyglot Large Language Model\nAbstract:  Abstract Large language models (LLMs) demonstrate remarkable ability to comprehend, reason, and generate following nature language instructions. However, the development of LLMs has been primarily focused on high-resource languages, such as English, thereby limiting their applicability and research in other languages. Consequently, we present PolyLM, a multilingual LLM trained on 640 billion (B) tokens, avaliable in two model sizes: 1.7B and 13B. To enhance its multilingual capabilities, we 1) integrate bilingual data into training data; and 2) adopt a curriculum learning strategy that increases the proportion of non-English data from 30% in the first stage to 60% in the final stage during pre-training. Further, we propose a multilingual self-instruct method which automatically generates 132.7K diverse multilingual instructions for model fine-tuning. To assess the model’s performance, we collect several existing multilingual tasks, including multilingual understanding, question answering, generation, and translation. Extensive experiments show that PolyLM surpasses other open-source models such as LLaMA and BLOOM on multilingual tasks while maintaining comparable performance in English. Our models, alone with the instruction data and multilingual benchmark, are available at: https://modelscope.cn/models/damo/nlp_polylm_13b_text_generation. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"PolyLM: An Open Source Polyglot Large Language Model,\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses multilingual instruction generation and fine-tuning, it does not explicitly mention extending tasks from Alpaca by introducing filters and rewrites of seed tasks in different languages. The focus of the paper is on creating a multilingual large language model (PolyLM) and generating multilingual instructions using a self-instruct method, but it does not detail any process involving filtering or rewriting seed tasks derived from Alpaca. Therefore, it does not meet the specific criteria outlined in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Any works about Large Language Models (LLMs) and their application in multiple domains?\nTitle: LLaMA: Open and Efficient Foundation Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce LLaMA, a collection of foundation language models ranging from 7B to 65B parameters. We train our models on trillions of tokens, and show that it is possible to train state-of-the-art models using publicly available datasets exclusively, without resorting to proprietary and inaccessible datasets. In particular, LLaMA-13B outperforms GPT-3 (175B) on most benchmarks, and LLaMA-65B is competitive with the best models, Chinchilla-70B and PaLM-540B. We release all our models to the research community111https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"LLaMA: Open and Efficient Foundation Language Models\" discusses the development and performance of Large Language Models (LLMs), it primarily focuses on the technical aspects of training and benchmarking the LLaMA models. The abstract does not explicitly address the application of these models in multiple domains, which is a key requirement of the user query. The paper seems to emphasize the efficiency and performance of the LLaMA models rather than their practical applications across various fields. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers contributed to the development of SSL frameworks for point cloud representation learning using contrastive methods?\nTitle: FoldingNet: Point Cloud Auto-encoder via Deep Grid Deformation\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent deep networks that directly handle points in a point set, e.g., PointNet, have been state-of-the-art for supervised learning tasks on point clouds such as classification and segmentation. In this work, a novel end-to-end deep auto-encoder is proposed to address unsupervised learning challenges on point clouds. On the encoder side, a graph-based enhancement is enforced to promote local structures on top of PointNet. Then, a novel folding-based decoder deforms a canonical 2D grid onto the underlying 3D object surface of a point cloud, achieving low reconstruction errors even for objects with delicate structures. The proposed decoder only uses about 7% parameters of a decoder with fully-connected neural networks, yet leads to a more discriminative representation that achieves higher linear SVM classification accuracy than the benchmark. In addition, the proposed decoder structure is shown, in theory, to be a generic architecture that is able to reconstruct an arbitrary point cloud from a 2D grid. Our code is available at http://www.merl.com/research/license#FoldingNet ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"FoldingNet: Point Cloud Auto-encoder via Deep Grid Deformation\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While it contributes to unsupervised learning on point clouds by proposing an auto-encoder with a novel folding-based decoder, it does not focus on self-supervised learning (SSL) frameworks or contrastive methods for point cloud representation learning. The paper primarily addresses unsupervised learning through reconstruction tasks and does not involve contrastive learning techniques, which are central to the user query. Contrastive methods typically involve learning representations by contrasting positive and negative pairs, which is not discussed in this paper. Therefore, it does not align with the specific focus of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works that modified the discriminator in GANs to improve stability?\nTitle: Untitled Document\nAbstract:  Abstract We present new benchmarks for evaluating code generation models: MBXP, Multilingual HumanEval, and MathQA-X. These datasets encompass over 10 programming languages and are generated using a scalable conversion framework that transpiles prompts and test cases from the original Python datasets into the corresponding data in the target language. With these benchmarks, we can assess the performance of code generation models in a multilingual context, uncovering the generalization ability of language models on out-of-domain languages, the advantages of multilingual models over monolingual ones, the potential of few-shot prompting to teach models new languages, and zero-shot translation capabilities, even in monolingual settings. Additionally, we utilize our code generation model for large-scale bootstrapping to obtain synthetic canonical solutions in various languages, which can be employed for other code-related evaluations, such as code insertion, robustness, or summarization tasks. Overall, our benchmarks represent a significant step towards a deeper understanding of language models' code generation abilities. We publicly release our code and datasets at https://github.com/amazon-research/mxeval. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The abstract of the searched paper does not address the topic of GANs (Generative Adversarial Networks) or any modifications to the discriminator to improve stability. Instead, the paper focuses on benchmarks for evaluating code generation models in a multilingual context. It discusses datasets, language models, and code generation but does not mention GANs, discriminators, or stability improvements related to GANs. Therefore, the paper does not satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What work introduces a method similar to GradNorm but with two notable distinctions?\nTitle: How Useful are Gradients for OOD Detection Really?\nAbstract:  Abstract One critical challenge in deploying highly performant machine learning models in real-life applications is out of distribution (OOD) detection. Given a predictive model which is accurate on in distribution (ID) data, an OOD detection system will further equip the model with the option to defer prediction when the input is novel and the model has little confidence in prediction. There has been some recent interest in utilizing the gradient information in pre-trained models for OOD detection. While these methods have shown competitive performance, there are misconceptions about the true mechanism underlying them, which conflate their performance with the necessity of gradients. In this work, we provide an in-depth analysis and comparison of gradient based methods and elucidate the key components that warrant their OOD detection performance. We further propose a general, non-gradient based method of OOD detection which improves over previous baselines in both performance and computational efficiency. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"How Useful are Gradients for OOD Detection Really?\", focuses on analyzing gradient-based methods for out-of-distribution (OOD) detection and proposes a non-gradient-based method for OOD detection. While it discusses gradient-based methods, it does not explicitly introduce a method similar to GradNorm with two notable distinctions. The paper's primary focus is on OOD detection and the mechanisms underlying gradient-based methods, rather than presenting a method that aligns with the specific requirements of the user query. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works prune unimportant channels through learnable scaling factors added for each structure?\nTitle: Operation-Aware Soft Channel Pruning using Differentiable Masks\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose a simple but effective data-driven channel pruning algorithm, which compresses deep neural networks in a differentiable way by exploiting the characteristics of operations. The proposed approach makes a joint consideration of batch normalization (BN) and rectified linear unit (ReLU) for channel pruning; it estimates how likely the two successive operations deactivate each feature map and prunes the channels with high probabilities. To this end, we learn differentiable masks for individual channels and make soft decisions throughout the optimization procedure, which facilitates to explore larger search space and train more stable networks. The proposed framework enables us to identify compressed models via a joint learning of model parameters and channel pruning without an extra procedure of fine-tuning. We perform extensive experiments and achieve outstanding performance in terms of the accuracy of output networks given the same amount of resources when compared with the state-of-the-art methods. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Operation-Aware Soft Channel Pruning using Differentiable Masks\" does propose a method for channel pruning, but it does not explicitly mention the use of learnable scaling factors added for each structure as the mechanism for pruning unimportant channels. Instead, it focuses on learning differentiable masks for individual channels and making soft decisions based on the characteristics of operations like batch normalization (BN) and rectified linear unit (ReLU). The method involves estimating probabilities for deactivation and pruning based on these probabilities, rather than directly using learnable scaling factors for each structure. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any studies where the maximin aggregator solely relies on a random expert's opinion within a robust forecast aggregation?\nTitle: Robust Aggregation of Correlated Information\nAbstract: An agent makes decisions based on multiple sources of information. In isolation, each source is well understood, but their correlation is unknown. We study the agent's robustly optimal strategies -- those that give the best possible guaranteed payoff, even under the worst possible correlation. With two states and two actions, we show that a robustly optimal strategy uses a single information source, ignoring all others. In general decision problems, robustly optimal strategies combine multiple sources of information, but the number of information sources that are needed has a bound that only depends on the decision problem. These findings provide a new rationale for why information is ignored.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Robust Aggregation of Correlated Information,\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. The paper focuses on robustly optimal strategies for decision-making when multiple sources of information are available, particularly under unknown correlations. It discusses how, in some cases, a robust strategy might rely on a single information source while ignoring others. However, it does not explicitly address the concept of a \"maximin aggregator\" that *solely* relies on a *random expert's opinion* within the context of robust forecast aggregation. The paper's focus is on robust strategies in general decision problems and the rationale for ignoring information, not on the specific mechanism of a maximin aggregator relying on a random expert."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have investigated various types of distribution shifts, including subpopulation shifts, in supervised learning?\nTitle: Does Distributionally Robust Supervised Learning Give Robust Classifiers?\nAbstract:  Abstract Distributionally Robust Supervised Learning (DRSL) is necessary for building reliable machine learning systems. When machine learning is deployed in the real world, its performance can be significantly degraded because test data may follow a different distribution from training data. DRSL with f𝑓f-divergences explicitly considers the worst-case distribution shift by minimizing the adversarially reweighted training loss. In this paper, we analyze this DRSL, focusing on the classification scenario. Since the DRSL is explicitly formulated for a distribution shift scenario, we naturally expect it to give a robust classifier that can aggressively handle shifted distributions. However, surprisingly, we prove that the DRSL just ends up giving a classifier that exactly fits the given training distribution, which is too pessimistic. This pessimism comes from two sources: the particular losses used in classification and the fact that the variety of distributions to which the DRSL tries to be robust is too wide. Motivated by our analysis, we propose simple DRSL that overcomes this pessimism and empirically demonstrate its effectiveness. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on analyzing and addressing the limitations of Distributionally Robust Supervised Learning (DRSL) in handling distribution shifts, particularly in classification tasks. While it does discuss distribution shifts in general, the paper does not explicitly investigate or explore various *types* of distribution shifts, including subpopulation shifts, in a detailed or comprehensive manner. Instead, it focuses on the theoretical and empirical behavior of DRSL under a broad notion of distribution shifts and proposes improvements to DRSL. The user query specifically asks for works that investigate various types of distribution shifts, including subpopulation shifts, which is not the central focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you tell me about works where causal mediation analysis was used in the context of interpretablity methods?\nTitle: Locating and Editing Factual Associations in GPT\nAbstract:  Abstract We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feed-forward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Locating and Editing Factual Associations in GPT,\" does not explicitly use causal mediation analysis in the context of interpretability methods. While the paper employs causal interventions to identify neuron activations responsible for factual predictions, causal mediation analysis specifically refers to a statistical framework used to decompose and quantify the causal pathways through which an independent variable affects a dependent variable via mediators. The paper focuses on identifying and editing factual associations in transformer models and uses causal interventions to locate decisive computations, but it does not employ causal mediation analysis as defined in the user query. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me studies discussing the susceptibility of GAN loss to produce artifacts in predicted images?\nTitle: Towards Unsupervised Deep Image Enhancement with Generative Adversarial Network\nAbstract:  Abstract Improving the aesthetic quality of images is challenging and eager for the public. To address this problem, most existing algorithms are based on supervised learning methods to learn an automatic photo enhancer for paired data, which consists of low-quality photos and corresponding expert-retouched versions. However, the style and characteristics of photos retouched by experts may not meet the needs or preferences of general users. In this paper, we present an unsupervised image enhancement generative adversarial network (UEGAN), which learns the corresponding image-to-image mapping from a set of images with desired characteristics in an unsupervised manner, rather than learning on a large number of paired images. The proposed model is based on single deep GAN which embeds the modulation and attention mechanisms to capture richer global and local features. Based on the proposed model, we introduce two losses to deal with the unsupervised image enhancement: (1) fidelity loss, which is defined as a ℓ​2ℓ2\\ell 2 regularization in the feature domain of a pre-trained VGG network to ensure the content between the enhanced image and the input image is the same, and (2) quality loss that is formulated as a relativistic hinge adversarial loss to endow the input image the desired characteristics. Both quantitative and qualitative results show that the proposed model effectively improves the aesthetic quality of images. Our code is available at: https://github.com/eezkni/UEGAN. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on unsupervised image enhancement using a generative adversarial network (GAN) and introduces specific loss functions (fidelity loss and quality loss) to improve the aesthetic quality of images. However, it does not explicitly discuss the susceptibility of GAN loss to produce artifacts in predicted images, which is the core of the user query. The paper emphasizes improving image quality and aesthetic enhancement rather than analyzing or addressing the artifact generation issue related to GAN loss. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have employed instruction-based pretraining techniques to enhance the model’s ability to follow instructions?\nTitle: Training language models to follow instructions with human feedback\nAbstract:  Abstract Making language models bigger does not inherently make them better at following a user’s intent. For example, large language models can generate outputs that are untruthful, toxic, or simply not helpful to the user. In other words, these models are not aligned with their users. In this paper, we show an avenue for aligning language models with user intent on a wide range of tasks by fine-tuning with human feedback. Starting with a set of labeler-written prompts and prompts submitted through the OpenAI API, we collect a dataset of labeler demonstrations of the desired model behavior, which we use to fine-tune GPT-3 using supervised learning. We then collect a dataset of rankings of model outputs, which we use to further fine-tune this supervised model using reinforcement learning from human feedback. We call the resulting models InstructGPT. In human evaluations on our prompt distribution, outputs from the 1.3B parameter InstructGPT model are preferred to outputs from the 175B GPT-3, despite having 100x fewer parameters. Moreover, InstructGPT models show improvements in truthfulness and reductions in toxic output generation while having minimal performance regressions on public NLP datasets. Even though InstructGPT still makes simple mistakes, our results show that fine-tuning with human feedback is a promising direction for aligning language models with human intent. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Training language models to follow instructions with human feedback\" discusses fine-tuning language models to better align them with user intent and improve their ability to follow instructions, it does not explicitly focus on *instruction-based pretraining techniques*. Instead, the paper primarily explores fine-tuning methods, specifically supervised learning and reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF), to enhance the model's alignment with user instructions. Pretraining refers to the initial phase of training a model on a large corpus of data before fine-tuning, and the paper does not describe employing instruction-based pretraining techniques. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works utilize models with unimodal encoders followed by cross-attention fusion?\nTitle: mPLUG-2: A Modularized Multi-modal Foundation Model Across Text, Image and Video\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent years have witnessed a big convergence of language, vision, and multi-modal pretraining. In this work, we present mPLUG-2 , a new unified paradigm with modularized design for multi-modal pretraining, which can benefit from modality collaboration while addressing the problem of modality entanglement. In contrast to predominant paradigms of solely relying on sequence-to-sequence generation or encoder-based instance discrimination, mPLUG-2 introduces a multi-module composition network by sharing common universal modules for modality collaboration and disentangling different modality modules to deal with modality entanglement. It is flexible to select different modules for different understanding and generation tasks across all modalities including text, image, and video. Empirical study shows that mPLUG-2 achieves state-of-the-art or competitive results on a broad range of over 30 downstream tasks, spanning multi-modal tasks of image-text and video-text understanding and generation, and uni-modal tasks of text-only, image-only, and video-only understanding. Notably, mPLUG-2 shows new state-of-the-art results of 48.0 top-1 accuracy and 80.3 CIDEr on the challenging MSRVTT video QA and video caption tasks with a far smaller model size and data scale. It also demonstrates strong zero-shot transferability on vision-language and video-language tasks. Code and models will be released in https://github.com/alibaba/AliceMind. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The abstract of the paper \"mPLUG-2: A Modularized Multi-modal Foundation Model Across Text, Image and Video\" does not explicitly mention the use of unimodal encoders followed by cross-attention fusion. While the paper discusses a modularized design for multi-modal pretraining and mentions disentangling different modality modules, it does not provide specific details in the abstract about the architecture involving unimodal encoders followed by cross-attention fusion. Instead, it focuses on a multi-module composition network and universal modules for modality collaboration. Without explicit mention of the required architecture, the paper does not fully satisfy the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works demonstrating applying diffusion models for 2D image synthesis?\nTitle: Palette: Image-to-Image Diffusion Models\nAbstract:  Abstract. This paper develops a unified framework for image-to-image translation based on conditional diffusion models and evaluates this framework on four challenging image-to-image translation tasks, namely colorization, inpainting, uncropping, and JPEG restoration. Our simple implementation of image-to-image diffusion models outperforms strong GAN and regression baselines on all tasks, without task-specific hyper-parameter tuning, architecture customization, or any auxiliary loss or sophisticated new techniques needed. We uncover the impact of an L2 vs. L1 loss in the denoising diffusion objective on sample diversity, and demonstrate the importance of self-attention in the neural architecture through empirical studies. Importantly, we advocate a unified evaluation protocol based on ImageNet, with human evaluation and sample quality scores (FID, Inception Score, Classification Accuracy of a pre-trained ResNet-50, and Perceptual Distance against original images). We expect this standardized evaluation protocol to play a role in advancing image-to-image translation research. Finally, we show that a generalist, multi-task diffusion model performs as well or better than task-specific specialist counterparts. Check out https://diffusion-palette.github.io/ for an overview of the results and code. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Palette: Image-to-Image Diffusion Models\" focuses on applying diffusion models for *image-to-image translation* tasks such as colorization, inpainting, uncropping, and JPEG restoration. While these tasks involve modifying or enhancing 2D images, the paper does not directly address the broader topic of *2D image synthesis* from scratch (e.g., generating entirely new images from noise or random inputs). The user query specifically asks for works demonstrating diffusion models for 2D image synthesis, which typically refers to generating new images rather than transforming existing ones. Therefore, while the paper is relevant to diffusion models and image processing, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works identified that deep neural networks are fragile to imperceptible adversarial perturbations?\nTitle: Evasion attacks against machine learning at test time\nAbstract:  Abstract In security-sensitive applications, the success of machine learning depends on a thorough vetting of their resistance to adversarial data. In one pertinent, well-motivated attack scenario, an adversary may attempt to evade a deployed system at test time by carefully manipulating attack samples. In this work, we present a simple but effective gradient-based approach that can be exploited to systematically assess the security of several, widely-used classification algorithms against evasion attacks. Following a recently proposed framework for security evaluation, we simulate attack scenarios that exhibit different risk levels for the classifier by increasing the attacker’s knowledge of the system and her ability to manipulate attack samples. This gives the classifier designer a better picture of the classifier performance under evasion attacks, and allows him to perform a more informed model selection (or parameter setting). We evaluate our approach on the relevant security task of malware detection in PDF files, and show that such systems can be easily evaded. We also sketch some countermeasures suggested by our analysis. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on evasion attacks against machine learning models at test time, specifically discussing a gradient-based approach to assess the security of classification algorithms under adversarial scenarios. While it evaluates the vulnerability of classifiers to adversarial attacks, the paper does not explicitly identify or focus on the fragility of *deep neural networks* to *imperceptible adversarial perturbations*. Instead, it discusses general classification algorithms and provides an evaluation in the context of malware detection in PDF files. The user query specifically seeks works that address the fragility of deep neural networks to imperceptible adversarial perturbations, which this paper does not directly address."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any research studies that examine emergent outliers in large language model quantization?\nTitle: SmoothQuant: Accurate and Efficient Post-Training Quantization for Large Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Large language models (LLMs) show excellent performance but are compute- and memory-intensive. Quantization can reduce memory and accelerate inference. However, existing methods cannot maintain accuracy and hardware efficiency at the same time. We propose SmoothQuant, a training-free, accuracy-preserving, and general-purpose post-training quantization (PTQ) solution to enable 8-bit weight, 8-bit activation (W8A8) quantization for LLMs. Based on the fact that weights are easy to quantize while activations are not, SmoothQuant smooths the activation outliers by offline migrating the quantization difficulty from activations to weights with a mathematically equivalent transformation. SmoothQuant enables an INT8 quantization of both weights and activations for all the matrix multiplications in LLMs, including OPT, BLOOM, GLM, MT-NLG, and LLaMA family. We demonstrate up to 1.56×\\times speedup and 2×\\times memory reduction for LLMs with negligible loss in accuracy. SmoothQuant enables serving 530B LLM within a single node. Our work offers a turn-key solution that reduces hardware costs and democratizes LLMs. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"SmoothQuant: Accurate and Efficient Post-Training Quantization for Large Language Models\" primarily focuses on post-training quantization (PTQ) for large language models (LLMs) and introduces a method called SmoothQuant to address challenges in quantizing both weights and activations. While the paper mentions smoothing activation outliers to facilitate quantization, it does not explicitly examine or study emergent outliers in large language model quantization as a primary research focus. Instead, the focus is on proposing a solution to improve quantization efficiency and accuracy. The user query specifically asks for research that examines emergent outliers, which implies a detailed investigation or analysis of the phenomenon of outliers itself, rather than a method to address them. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies extended binary PU classification to the multi-label setting and modeled MLPUL as cost-sensitive learning?\nTitle: A Unified Positive-Unlabeled Learning Framework for Document-Level Relation Extraction with Different Levels of Labeling\nAbstract:  Abstract Document-level relation extraction (RE) aims to identify relations between entities across multiple sentences. Most previous methods focused on document-level RE under full supervision. However, in real-world scenario, it is expensive and difficult to completely label all relations in a document because the number of entity pairs in document-level RE grows quadratically with the number of entities.  To solve the common incomplete labeling problem, we propose a unified positive-unlabeled learning framework −- shift and squared ranking loss positive-unlabeled (SSR-PU) learning. We use positive-unlabeled (PU) learning on document-level RE for the first time. Considering that labeled data of a dataset may lead to prior shift of unlabeled data, we introduce a PU learning under prior shift of training data. Also, using none-class score as an adaptive threshold, we propose squared ranking loss and prove its Bayesian consistency with multi-label ranking metrics.  Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method achieves an improvement of about 14 F1 points relative to the previous baseline with incomplete labeling. In addition, it outperforms previous state-of-the-art results under both fully supervised and extremely unlabeled settings as well.111Code and data are available at https://github.com/www-Ye/SSR-PU. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses extending positive-unlabeled (PU) learning to document-level relation extraction and introduces a framework that incorporates multi-label ranking metrics, it does not explicitly address or model multi-label positive-unlabeled learning (MLPUL) as cost-sensitive learning. The focus of the paper is on addressing incomplete labeling in document-level relation extraction using PU learning, with innovations like squared ranking loss and prior shift handling. However, there is no explicit mention of extending binary PU classification to the multi-label setting in a general sense or modeling MLPUL specifically as cost-sensitive learning, which are the key aspects of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers use monocular geometric cues with no required depth supervision in their methods?\nTitle: NICER-SLAM: Neural Implicit Scene Encoding for RGB SLAM\nAbstract:  Abstract Neural implicit representations have recently become popular in simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM), especially in dense visual SLAM. However, previous works in this direction either rely on RGB-D sensors, or require a separate monocular SLAM approach for camera tracking and do not produce high-fidelity dense 3D scene reconstruction. In this paper, we present NICER-SLAM, a dense RGB SLAM system that simultaneously optimizes for camera poses and a hierarchical neural implicit map representation, which also allows for high-quality novel view synthesis. To facilitate the optimization process for mapping, we integrate additional supervision signals including easy-to-obtain monocular geometric cues and optical flow, and also introduce a simple warping loss to further enforce geometry consistency. Moreover, to further boost performance in complicated indoor scenes, we also propose a local adaptive transformation from signed distance functions (SDFs) to density in the volume rendering equation. On both synthetic and real-world datasets we demonstrate strong performance in dense mapping, tracking, and novel view synthesis, even competitive with recent RGB-D SLAM systems. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"NICER-SLAM: Neural Implicit Scene Encoding for RGB SLAM\" mentions the use of monocular geometric cues as part of its method, it also explicitly states that it integrates \"additional supervision signals\" such as optical flow and introduces a warping loss to enforce geometry consistency. The user query specifically asks for methods that use monocular geometric cues **with no required depth supervision**, and the abstract does not clarify whether depth supervision is entirely absent in the method. Furthermore, the mention of \"additional supervision signals\" implies that the method may rely on other forms of supervision beyond monocular geometric cues, which could include depth-related information. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works highlighted the challenge of training instability for finding a sparse model in deep reinforcement learning (DRL)?\nTitle: Dynamic Sparse Training for Deep Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) agents are trained through trial-and-error interactions with the environment. This leads to a long training time for dense neural networks to achieve good performance. Hence, prohibitive computation and memory resources are consumed. Recently, learning efficient DRL agents has received increasing attention. Yet, current methods focus on accelerating inference time. In this paper, we introduce for the first time a dynamic sparse training approach for deep reinforcement learning to accelerate the training process. The proposed approach trains a sparse neural network from scratch and dynamically adapts its topology to the changing data distribution during training. Experiments on continuous control tasks show that our dynamic sparse agents achieve higher performance than the equivalent dense methods, reduce the parameter count and floating-point operations (FLOPs) by 50%, and have a faster learning speed that enables reaching the performance of dense agents with 40−50405040-50% reduction in the training steps111Code is available at: https://github.com/GhadaSokar/Dynamic-Sparse-Training-for-Deep-Reinforcement-Learning. Proceedings of the 31st International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI-22).. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Dynamic Sparse Training for Deep Reinforcement Learning\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper addresses dynamic sparse training in DRL and mentions training efficiency and performance improvements, it does not explicitly focus on or highlight the challenge of *training instability* when finding a sparse model in DRL. The abstract emphasizes the benefits of dynamic sparse training, such as reduced parameter count, faster learning speed, and adaptation to changing data distributions, but it does not discuss or analyze the specific issue of instability during training. Therefore, the paper does not meet the user's query requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about using supervised learning techniques to create a training dataset using classical simulations?\nTitle: Learning Mesh-Based Simulation with Graph Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Mesh-based simulations are central to modeling complex physical systems in many disciplines across science and engineering. Mesh representations support powerful numerical integration methods and their resolution can be adapted to strike favorable trade-offs between accuracy and efficiency. However, high-dimensional scientific simulations are very expensive to run, and solvers and parameters must often be tuned individually to each system studied. Here we introduce MeshGraphNets, a framework for learning mesh-based simulations using graph neural networks. Our model can be trained to pass messages on a mesh graph and to adapt the mesh discretization during forward simulation. Our results show it can accurately predict the dynamics of a wide range of physical systems, including aerodynamics, structural mechanics, and cloth. The model’s adaptivity supports learning resolution-independent dynamics and can scale to more complex state spaces at test time. Our method is also highly efficient, running 1-2 orders of magnitude faster than the simulation on which it is trained. Our approach broadens the range of problems on which neural network simulators can operate and promises to improve the efficiency of complex, scientific modeling tasks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Learning Mesh-Based Simulation with Graph Networks\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses using machine learning (specifically graph neural networks) to learn from and accelerate mesh-based simulations, it does not explicitly focus on the use of supervised learning techniques to *create* a training dataset using classical simulations. Instead, the focus is on learning to simulate physical systems and improving efficiency, rather than the process of generating training datasets from classical simulations using supervised learning methods."}
{"input": "User Query: Who first observed that an extragradient-like scheme called extragradient+ converges globally for weak MVIs?\nTitle: Efficient Methods for Structured Nonconvex-Nonconcave Min-Max Optimization\nAbstract:  Abstract The use of min-max optimization in the adversarial training of deep neural network classifiers, and the training of generative adversarial networks has motivated the study of nonconvex-nonconcave optimization objectives, which frequently arise in these applications. Unfortunately, recent results have established that even approximate first-order stationary points of such objectives are intractable, even under smoothness conditions, motivating the study of min-max objectives with additional structure. We introduce a new class of structured nonconvex-nonconcave min-max optimization problems, proposing a generalization of the extragradient algorithm which provably converges to a stationary point. The algorithm applies not only to Euclidean spaces, but also to general ℓpsubscriptℓ𝑝\\ell_{p}-normed finite-dimensional real vector spaces. We also discuss its stability under stochastic oracles and provide bounds on its sample complexity. Our iteration complexity and sample complexity bounds either match or improve the best known bounds for the same or less general nonconvex-nonconcave settings, such as those that satisfy variational coherence or in which a weak solution to the associated variational inequality problem is assumed to exist. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on introducing a generalized extragradient algorithm for structured nonconvex-nonconcave min-max optimization problems. While it discusses the convergence of this algorithm to stationary points and its application to variational inequality problems, the paper does not specifically address or identify the first observation that an extragradient-like scheme called \"extragradient+\" converges globally for weak monotone variational inequalities (MVIs). The user query is explicitly asking for the historical attribution of this observation, which is not the focus or content of the searched paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you cite studies using the teacher-student framework in semi-supervised learning?\nTitle: FixMatch: Simplifying Semi-Supervised Learning with Consistency and Confidence\nAbstract: Semi-supervised learning (SSL) provides an effective means of leveraging unlabeled data to improve a model's performance. In this paper, we demonstrate the power of a simple combination of two common SSL methods: consistency regularization and pseudo-labeling. Our algorithm, FixMatch, first generates pseudo-labels using the model's predictions on weakly-augmented unlabeled images. For a given image, the pseudo-label is only retained if the model produces a high-confidence prediction. The model is then trained to predict the pseudo-label when fed a strongly-augmented version of the same image. Despite its simplicity, we show that FixMatch achieves state-of-the-art performance across a variety of standard semi-supervised learning benchmarks, including 94.93% accuracy on CIFAR-10 with 250 labels and 88.61% accuracy with 40 -- just 4 labels per class. Since FixMatch bears many similarities to existing SSL methods that achieve worse performance, we carry out an extensive ablation study to tease apart the experimental factors that are most important to FixMatch's success. We make our code available at https://github.com/google-research/fixmatch.", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper \"FixMatch: Simplifying Semi-Supervised Learning with Consistency and Confidence\" does not explicitly describe or utilize the teacher-student framework in semi-supervised learning. Instead, it focuses on combining consistency regularization and pseudo-labeling techniques. While pseudo-labeling can sometimes be related to the teacher-student paradigm, FixMatch does not explicitly frame its methodology in terms of a teacher-student framework, nor does it discuss or emphasize this concept in the abstract or methodology. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper uses diffusion models to reconstruct whole-body motion from sparse measurements?\nTitle: Deep Unsupervised Learning using Nonequilibrium Thermodynamics\nAbstract:  Abstract A central problem in machine learning involves modeling complex data-sets using highly flexible families of probability distributions in which learning, sampling, inference, and evaluation are still analytically or computationally tractable. Here, we develop an approach that simultaneously achieves both flexibility and tractability. The essential idea, inspired by non-equilibrium statistical physics, is to systematically and slowly destroy structure in a data distribution through an iterative forward diffusion process. We then learn a reverse diffusion process that restores structure in data, yielding a highly flexible and tractable generative model of the data. This approach allows us to rapidly learn, sample from, and evaluate probabilities in deep generative models with thousands of layers or time steps, as well as to compute conditional and posterior probabilities under the learned model. We additionally release an open source reference implementation of the algorithm. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper, \"Deep Unsupervised Learning using Nonequilibrium Thermodynamics,\" focuses on using diffusion processes for generative modeling inspired by non-equilibrium statistical physics. While it discusses diffusion models and their applications in learning, sampling, and evaluating probabilities, it does not address the specific task of reconstructing whole-body motion from sparse measurements. The user query explicitly seeks a paper that applies diffusion models to the reconstruction of whole-body motion, which is not covered in the abstract of the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you tell me some research where additional prior information like surface curvature, 2D image overlap, and scene structure was used for alignment of 3D point clouds?\nTitle: SGAligner: 3D Scene Alignment with Scene Graphs\nAbstract:  Abstract Building 3D scene graphs has recently emerged as a topic in scene representation for several embodied AI applications to represent the world in a structured and rich manner. With their increased use in solving downstream tasks (e.g., navigation and room rearrangement), can we leverage and recycle them for creating 3D maps of environments, a pivotal step in agent operation? We focus on the fundamental problem of aligning pairs of 3D scene graphs whose overlap can range from zero to partial and can contain arbitrary changes. We propose SGAligner, the first method for aligning pairs of 3D scene graphs that is robust to in-the-wild scenarios (i.e., unknown overlap – if any – and changes in the environment). We get inspired by multi-modality knowledge graphs and use contrastive learning to learn a joint, multi-modal embedding space. We evaluate on the 3RScan dataset and further showcase that our method can be used for estimating the transformation between pairs of 3D scenes. Since benchmarks for these tasks are missing, we create them on this dataset. The code, benchmark, and trained models are available on the project website. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper \"SGAligner: 3D Scene Alignment with Scene Graphs\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper focuses on aligning 3D scene graphs and leverages scene structure through the use of scene graphs, it does not explicitly mention the use of additional prior information such as surface curvature or 2D image overlap for the alignment of 3D point clouds. Instead, the method relies on contrastive learning to align multi-modal embeddings of 3D scene graphs, which is a different approach from directly utilizing geometric or image-based priors like surface curvature or 2D image overlap. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the specific criteria outlined in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works initially developed the idea of conformal prediction utilizing exchangeable data?\nTitle: A Tutorial on Conformal Prediction\nAbstract:  Abstract Conformal prediction uses past experience to determine precise levels of confidence in new predictions. Given an error probability ϵitalic-ϵ\\epsilon, together with a method that makes a prediction y^^𝑦\\hat{y} of a label y𝑦y, it produces a set of labels, typically containing y^^𝑦\\hat{y}, that also contains y𝑦y with probability 1−ϵ1italic-ϵ1-\\epsilon. Conformal prediction can be applied to any method for producing y^^𝑦\\hat{y}: a nearest-neighbor method, a support-vector machine, ridge regression, etc. Conformal prediction is designed for an on-line setting in which labels are predicted successively, each one being revealed before the next is predicted. The most novel and valuable feature of conformal prediction is that if the successive examples are sampled independently from the same distribution, then the successive predictions will be right 1−ϵ1italic-ϵ1-\\epsilon of the time, even though they are based on an accumulating dataset rather than on independent datasets. In addition to the model under which successive examples are sampled independently, other on-line compression models can also use conformal prediction. The widely used Gaussian linear model is one of these. This tutorial presents a self-contained account of the theory of conformal prediction and works through several numerical examples. A more comprehensive treatment of the topic is provided in Algorithmic Learning in a Random World, by Vladimir Vovk, Alex Gammerman, and Glenn Shafer (Springer, 2005). ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"A Tutorial on Conformal Prediction\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While it provides a detailed explanation of conformal prediction and its theoretical foundations, it is primarily a tutorial and does not appear to be the original work that initially developed the idea of conformal prediction utilizing exchangeable data. The abstract references the book *Algorithmic Learning in a Random World* by Vladimir Vovk, Alex Gammerman, and Glenn Shafer (2005) as a more comprehensive treatment of the topic, which suggests that the original development of conformal prediction might be found in that book or earlier works by these authors. Therefore, this paper is not the work that initially developed the idea but rather a tutorial on the topic."}
{"input": "User Query: What work extends the methodology of obtaining concentration bounds using the supremum distance?\nTitle: Functional Sequential Treatment Allocation\nAbstract: Consider a setting in which a policy maker assigns subjects to treatments, observing each outcome before the next subject arrives. Initially, it is unknown which treatment is best, but the sequential nature of the problem permits learning about the effectiveness of the treatments. While the multi-armed-bandit literature has shed much light on the situation when the policy maker compares the effectiveness of the treatments through their mean, much less is known about other targets. This is restrictive, because a cautious decision maker may prefer to target a robust location measure such as a quantile or a trimmed mean. Furthermore, socio-economic decision making often requires targeting purpose specific characteristics of the outcome distribution, such as its inherent degree of inequality, welfare or poverty. In the present paper we introduce and study sequential learning algorithms when the distributional characteristic of interest is a general functional of the outcome distribution. Minimax expected regret optimality results are obtained within the subclass of explore-then-commit policies, and for the unrestricted class of all policies.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Functional Sequential Treatment Allocation,\" focuses on sequential learning algorithms and their application to decision-making when targeting general functionals of the outcome distribution. While it discusses learning and optimization in a sequential setting, it does not explicitly address extending the methodology of obtaining concentration bounds using the supremum distance. The paper's emphasis is on minimax regret optimality and policy design rather than deriving or extending concentration bounds with supremum distance as a central methodology. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide some studies where Transformer-based dialogue modeling methods significantly outperform traditional methods on response generation tasks?\nTitle: DailyDialog: A Manually Labelled Multi-turn Dialogue Dataset\nAbstract:  Abstract We develop a high-quality multi-turn dialog dataset, DailyDialog, which is intriguing in several aspects. The language is human-written and less noisy. The dialogues in the dataset reflect our daily communication way and cover various topics about our daily life. We also manually label the developed dataset with communication intention and emotion information. Then, we evaluate existing approaches on DailyDialog dataset and hope it benefit the research field of dialog systems111The dataset is available on http://yanran.li/dailydialog. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"DailyDialog: A Manually Labelled Multi-turn Dialogue Dataset\" does not satisfy the user's query. While the paper focuses on the development of the DailyDialog dataset and evaluates existing approaches on it, it does not specifically discuss or provide studies where Transformer-based dialogue modeling methods significantly outperform traditional methods on response generation tasks. The paper is centered on the dataset itself rather than a comparative analysis of Transformer-based methods versus traditional methods."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you list the studies that focus on entropy regularization in multi-player zero-sum games?\nTitle: Exploration-Exploitation in Multi-Agent Competition: Convergence with Bounded Rationality\nAbstract:  Abstract The interplay between exploration and exploitation in competitive multi-agent learning is still far from being well understood. Motivated by this, we study smooth Q-learning, a prototypical learning model that explicitly captures the balance between game rewards and exploration costs. We show that Q-learning always converges to the unique quantal-response equilibrium (QRE), the standard solution concept for games under bounded rationality, in weighted zero-sum polymatrix games with heterogeneous learning agents using positive exploration rates. Complementing recent results about convergence in weighted potential games [14, 32], we show that fast convergence of Q-learning in competitive settings is obtained regardless of the number of agents and without any need for parameter fine-tuning. As showcased by our experiments in network zero-sum games, these theoretical results provide the necessary guarantees for an algorithmic approach to the currently open problem of equilibrium selection in competitive multi-agent settings. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on the interplay between exploration and exploitation in competitive multi-agent learning, specifically studying smooth Q-learning and its convergence properties in weighted zero-sum polymatrix games. While smooth Q-learning can involve concepts related to bounded rationality and exploration costs, the paper does not explicitly focus on entropy regularization in multi-player zero-sum games. Entropy regularization typically refers to adding an entropy term to the optimization objective to encourage exploration, which is not explicitly mentioned or analyzed in the abstract of the searched paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide a work implementing implicit geometric reasoning with plane sweep volumes for novel view synthesis?\nTitle: Learning to Render Novel Views from Wide-Baseline Stereo Pairs\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce a method for novel view synthesis given only a single wide-baseline stereo image pair. In this challenging regime, 3D scene points are regularly observed only once, requiring prior-based reconstruction of scene geometry and appearance. We find that existing approaches to novel view synthesis from sparse observations fail due to recovering incorrect 3D geometry and due to the high cost of differentiable rendering that precludes their scaling to large-scale training. We take a step towards resolving these shortcomings by formulating a multi-view transformer encoder, proposing an efficient, image-space epipolar line sampling scheme to assemble image features for a target ray, and a lightweight cross-attention-based renderer. Our contributions enable training of our method on a large-scale real-world dataset of indoor and outdoor scenes. We demonstrate that our method learns powerful multi-view geometry priors while reducing the rendering time. We conduct extensive comparisons on held-out test scenes across two real-world datasets, significantly outperforming prior work on novel view synthesis from sparse image observations and achieving multi-view-consistent novel view synthesis. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper focuses on novel view synthesis and incorporates geometric reasoning through epipolar line sampling and multi-view geometry priors, it does not explicitly mention the use of **implicit geometric reasoning with plane sweep volumes**, which is a specific technique. Instead, the paper introduces a multi-view transformer encoder and a cross-attention-based renderer, which are distinct from the plane sweep volume approach. Therefore, the paper does not align with the specific requirement of implementing implicit geometric reasoning with plane sweep volumes."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you name the studies that examined local constraints for local attacks?\nTitle: Robustness of Graph Neural Networks at Scale\nAbstract: Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are increasingly important given their popularity and the diversity of applications. Yet, existing studies of their vulnerability to adversarial attacks rely on relatively small graphs. We address this gap and study how to attack and defend GNNs at scale. We propose two sparsity-aware first-order optimization attacks that maintain an efficient representation despite optimizing over a number of parameters which is quadratic in the number of nodes. We show that common surrogate losses are not well-suited for global attacks on GNNs. Our alternatives can double the attack strength. Moreover, to improve GNNs' reliability we design a robust aggregation function, Soft Median, resulting in an effective defense at all scales. We evaluate our attacks and defense with standard GNNs on graphs more than 100 times larger compared to previous work. We even scale one order of magnitude further by extending our techniques to a scalable GNN.", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"Robustness of Graph Neural Networks at Scale,\" focuses on studying adversarial attacks and defenses for Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) at scale. While it discusses sparsity-aware optimization attacks and robust aggregation functions, the paper primarily addresses global attacks and defenses rather than specifically examining **local constraints for local attacks**. The abstract does not mention any detailed exploration or analysis of local constraints in the context of local attacks, which is the specific focus of the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers made use of epipolar lines for multi-view image generation?\nTitle: SyncDreamer: Generating Multiview-consistent Images from a Single-view Image\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper, we present a novel diffusion model called SyncDreamer that generates multiview-consistent images from a single-view image. Using pretrained large-scale 2D diffusion models, recent work Zero123 [40] demonstrates the ability to generate plausible novel views from a single-view image of an object. However, maintaining consistency in geometry and colors for the generated images remains a challenge. To address this issue, we propose a synchronized multiview diffusion model that models the joint probability distribution of multiview images, enabling the generation of multiview-consistent images in a single reverse process. SyncDreamer synchronizes the intermediate states of all the generated images at every step of the reverse process through a 3D-aware feature attention mechanism that correlates the corresponding features across different views. Experiments show that SyncDreamer generates images with high consistency across different views, thus making it well-suited for various 3D generation tasks such as novel-view-synthesis, text-to-3D, and image-to-3D. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"SyncDreamer: Generating Multiview-consistent Images from a Single-view Image\" does not explicitly mention the use of epipolar lines for multi-view image generation. Instead, it focuses on a diffusion model that ensures multiview consistency through a 3D-aware feature attention mechanism. While the paper addresses the challenge of generating geometrically and color-consistent images across views, there is no indication in the abstract that epipolar geometry or epipolar lines are utilized as part of the methodology. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies have used voxel-based methods in 3D object detection?\nTitle: Embracing Single Stride 3D Object Detector with Sparse Transformer\nAbstract:  Abstract In LiDAR-based 3D object detection for autonomous driving, the ratio of the object size to input scene size is significantly smaller compared to 2D detection cases. Overlooking this difference, many 3D detectors directly follow the common practice of 2D detectors, which downsample the feature maps even after quantizing the point clouds. In this paper, we start by rethinking how such multi-stride stereotype affects the LiDAR-based 3D object detectors. Our experiments point out that the downsampling operations bring few advantages, and lead to inevitable information loss. To remedy this issue, we propose Single-stride Sparse Transformer (SST) to maintain the original resolution from the beginning to the end of the network. Armed with transformers, our method addresses the problem of insufficient receptive field in single-stride architectures. It also cooperates well with the sparsity of point clouds and naturally avoids expensive computation. Eventually, our SST achieves state-of-the-art results on the large-scale Waymo Open Dataset. It is worth mentioning that our method can achieve exciting performance (83.8 LEVEL_1 AP on validation split) on small object (pedestrian) detection due to the characteristic of single stride. Codes will be released at https://github.com/TuSimple/SST. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper titled \"Embracing Single Stride 3D Object Detector with Sparse Transformer\" does not explicitly mention the use of voxel-based methods in 3D object detection. Instead, it focuses on addressing the limitations of multi-stride architectures in LiDAR-based 3D object detection by proposing a Single-stride Sparse Transformer (SST). The paper emphasizes maintaining the original resolution throughout the network and leveraging transformers to handle sparsity in point clouds. While it discusses LiDAR-based 3D object detection, there is no clear indication that voxel-based methods are employed in the proposed approach. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies proposed to perform debiasing by directly modifying known context bias?\nTitle: Network Randomization: A Simple Technique for Generalization in Deep Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep reinforcement learning (RL) agents often fail to generalize to unseen environments (yet semantically similar to trained agents), particularly when they are trained on high-dimensional state spaces, such as images. In this paper, we propose a simple technique to improve a generalization ability of deep RL agents by introducing a randomized (convolutional) neural network that randomly perturbs input observations. It enables trained agents to adapt to new domains by learning robust features invariant across varied and randomized environments. Furthermore, we consider an inference method based on the Monte Carlo approximation to reduce the variance induced by this randomization. We demonstrate the superiority of our method across 2D CoinRun, 3D DeepMind Lab exploration and 3D robotics control tasks: it significantly outperforms various regularization and data augmentation methods for the same purpose. Code is available at github.com/pokaxpoka/netrand. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper titled \"Network Randomization: A Simple Technique for Generalization in Deep Reinforcement Learning\" does not fully satisfy the user query. The paper focuses on improving the generalization ability of deep reinforcement learning agents by introducing randomized neural networks to perturb input observations, thereby enabling agents to learn robust features invariant to environmental variations. However, it does not explicitly address debiasing by directly modifying known context bias. The method described in the paper involves randomization and robustness to environmental changes but does not explicitly target or modify specific, known context biases as required by the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What is the novel use of embeddings in Embroid's counterparts?\nTitle: Training Subset Selection for Weak Supervision\nAbstract:  Abstract Existing weak supervision approaches use all the data covered by weak signals to train a classifier. We show both theoretically and empirically that this is not always optimal. Intuitively, there is a tradeoff between the amount of weakly-labeled data and the precision of the weak labels. We explore this tradeoff by combining pretrained data representations with the cut statistic [24] to select (hopefully) high-quality subsets of the weakly-labeled training data. Subset selection applies to any label model and classifier and is very simple to plug in to existing weak supervision pipelines, requiring just a few lines of code.111https://github.com/hunterlang/weaksup-subset-selection We show our subset selection method improves the performance of weak supervision for a wide range of label models, classifiers, and datasets. Using less weakly-labeled data improves the accuracy of weak supervision pipelines by up to 19% (absolute) on benchmark tasks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Training Subset Selection for Weak Supervision\" does not address the novel use of embeddings in Embroid's counterparts. The paper focuses on improving weak supervision pipelines by selecting high-quality subsets of weakly-labeled data using pretrained data representations and the cut statistic. While it mentions the use of pretrained data representations (which may involve embeddings), the focus is on subset selection for weak supervision rather than exploring or introducing novel uses of embeddings in the context of Embroid's counterparts. The user query specifically asks about novel uses of embeddings, which is not the primary focus or contribution of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What research analyzed the convergence of an online gradient estimator under hysteresis?\nTitle: Convergence of Online Adaptive and Recurrent Optimization Algorithms\nAbstract: We prove local convergence of several notable gradient descent algorithms used in machine learning, for which standard stochastic gradient descent theory does not apply directly. This includes, first, online algorithms for recurrent models and dynamical systems, such as \\emph{Real-time recurrent learning} (RTRL) and its computationally lighter approximations NoBackTrack and UORO; second, several adaptive algorithms such as RMSProp, online natural gradient, and Adam with $\\beta^2\\to 1$.Despite local convergence being a relatively weak requirement for a new optimization algorithm, no local analysis was available for these algorithms, as far as we knew. Analysis of these algorithms does not immediately follow from standard stochastic gradient (SGD) theory. In fact, Adam has been proved to lack local convergence in some simple situations \\citep{j.2018on}. For recurrent models, online algorithms modify the parameter while the model is running, which further complicates the analysis with respect to simple SGD.Local convergence for these various algorithms results from a single, more general set of assumptions, in the setup of learning dynamical systems online. Thus, these results can cover other variants of the algorithms considered.We adopt an \"ergodic\" rather than probabilistic viewpoint, working with empirical time averages instead of probability distributions. This is more data-agnostic and creates differences with respect to standard SGD theory, especially for the range of possible learning rates. For instance, with cycling or per-epoch reshuffling over a finite dataset instead of pure i.i.d.\\ sampling with replacement, empirical averages of gradients converge at rate $1/T$ instead of $1/\\sqrt{T}$ (cycling acts as a variance reduction method), theoretically allowing for larger learning rates than in SGD.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on the local convergence of various online adaptive and recurrent optimization algorithms, such as RTRL, NoBackTrack, UORO, RMSProp, and Adam. While it discusses online gradient estimators and their convergence, the paper does not explicitly address the concept of \"hysteresis\" in its analysis. Hysteresis refers to a system's dependence on its history, which is not mentioned or analyzed in the abstract of the paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query, which specifically seeks research analyzing the convergence of an online gradient estimator under hysteresis."}
{"input": "User Query: What works apply external sources such as labels for conditioning methods?\nTitle: Improved Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Denoising diffusion probabilistic models (DDPM) are a class of generative models which have recently been shown to produce excellent samples. We show that with a few simple modifications, DDPMs can also achieve competitive log-likelihoods while maintaining high sample quality. Additionally, we find that learning variances of the reverse diffusion process allows sampling with an order of magnitude fewer forward passes with a negligible difference in sample quality, which is important for the practical deployment of these models. We additionally use precision and recall to compare how well DDPMs and GANs cover the target distribution. Finally, we show that the sample quality and likelihood of these models scale smoothly with model capacity and training compute, making them easily scalable. We release our code at https://github.com/openai/improved-diffusion. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Improved Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models\" does not explicitly address the application of external sources such as labels for conditioning methods. The abstract focuses on improving the performance of Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models (DDPMs) through modifications, learning variances, and scalability. While it discusses advancements in sample quality, likelihood, and efficiency, it does not mention the use of external labels or conditioning methods, which are central to the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you suggest research papers that focus on leveraging two-hop projection and intersection queries in ConceptNet to improve commonsense question answering?\nTitle: Multi-hop Commonsense Knowledge Injection Framework for Zero-Shot Commonsense Question Answering\nAbstract:  Abstract Commonsense question answering (QA) research requires machines to answer questions based on commonsense knowledge. However, this research requires expensive labor costs to annotate data as the basis of research, and models that rely on fine-tuning paradigms only apply to specific tasks, rather than learn a general commonsense reasoning ability. As a more robust method, zero-shot commonsense question answering shows a good prospect. The current zero-shot framework tries to convert triples in commonsense knowledge graphs (KGs) into QA-form samples as the pre-trained data source to incorporate commonsense knowledge into the model. However, this method ignores the multi-hop relationship in the KG, which is also an important central problem in commonsense reasoning. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-hop commonsense knowledge injection framework. Specifically, it explores multi-hop reasoning paradigm in KGs that conform to linguistic logic, and we further propose two multi-hop QA generation methods based on KGs. Then, we utilize contrastive learning to pre-train the model with the synthetic QA dataset to inject multi-hop commonsense knowledge. Extensive experiments on five commonsense question answering benchmarks demonstrate that our framework achieves state-of-art performance. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper focuses on multi-hop reasoning in commonsense knowledge graphs (KGs) and proposes a framework for zero-shot commonsense question answering, it does not explicitly mention leveraging **two-hop projection and intersection queries** in **ConceptNet**. The paper discusses a general multi-hop reasoning paradigm and QA generation methods based on KGs, but it does not specify the use of two-hop reasoning or intersection queries in the context of ConceptNet. The user query specifically seeks research that employs these techniques in ConceptNet, which the searched paper does not fully address."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers proposed the use of simple proxies such as route length and average complexity of molecules to evaluate route quality?\nTitle: Retro*: Learning Retrosynthetic Planning with Neural Guided A* Search\nAbstract:  Abstract Retrosynthetic planning is a critical task in organic chemistry which identifies a series of reactions that can lead to the synthesis of a target product. The vast number of possible chemical transformations makes the size of the search space very big, and retrosynthetic planning is challenging even for experienced chemists. However, existing methods either require expensive return estimation by rollout with high variance, or optimize for search speed rather than the quality. In this paper, we propose Retro*, a neural-based A*-like algorithm that finds high-quality synthetic routes efficiently. It maintains the search as an AND-OR tree, and learns a neural search bias with off-policy data. Then guided by this neural network, it performs best-first search efficiently during new planning episodes. Experiments on benchmark USPTO datasets show that, our proposed method outperforms existing state-of-the-art with respect to both the success rate and solution quality, while being more efficient at the same time.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Retro*: Learning Retrosynthetic Planning with Neural Guided A* Search,\" focuses on proposing a neural-based A*-like algorithm for retrosynthetic planning. While it mentions evaluating solution quality and efficiency, the abstract does not explicitly state the use of simple proxies such as route length or average complexity of molecules to evaluate route quality. The paper's primary focus is on the algorithmic approach and its performance compared to state-of-the-art methods, rather than detailing specific proxy metrics for route quality evaluation. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies talk about the block-coordinate method for improving the parallelism in training DNNs?\nTitle: Convergent Block Coordinate Descent for Training Tikhonov Regularized Deep Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract By lifting the ReLU function into a higher dimensional space, we develop a smooth multi-convex formulation for training feed-forward deep neural networks (DNNs). This allows us to develop a block coordinate descent (BCD) training algorithm consisting of a sequence of numerically well-behaved convex optimizations. Using ideas from proximal point methods in convex analysis, we prove that this BCD algorithm will converge globally to a stationary point with R-linear convergence rate of order one. In experiments with the MNIST database, DNNs trained with this BCD algorithm consistently yielded better test-set error rates than identical DNN architectures trained via all the stochastic gradient descent (SGD) variants in the Caffe toolbox. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: While the paper discusses the block coordinate descent (BCD) method for training deep neural networks (DNNs), it does not explicitly address the use of the block-coordinate method for improving *parallelism* in training DNNs, which is the focus of the user query. Instead, the paper emphasizes the development of a smooth multi-convex formulation, convergence properties, and performance improvements compared to stochastic gradient descent (SGD). There is no mention of leveraging the BCD method to enhance parallelism in the training process, which is the specific aspect the user is interested in."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies assessed LLMs’ proficiency in solving complex tasks by analyzing their responses?\nTitle: R-Judge: Benchmarking Safety Risk Awareness for LLM Agents\nAbstract:  Abstract Large language models (LLMs) have exhibited great potential in autonomously completing tasks across real-world applications. Despite this, these LLM agents introduce unexpected safety risks when operating in interactive environments. Instead of centering on LLM-generated content safety in most prior studies, this work addresses the imperative need for benchmarking the behavioral safety of LLM agents within diverse environments. We introduce R-Judge, a benchmark crafted to evaluate the proficiency of LLMs in judging safety risks given agent interaction records. R-Judge comprises 162 agent interaction records, encompassing 27 key risk scenarios among 7 application categories and 10 risk types. It incorporates human consensus on safety with annotated safety risk labels and high-quality risk descriptions. Utilizing R-Judge, we conduct a comprehensive evaluation of 8 prominent LLMs commonly employed as the backbone for agents. The best-performing model, GPT-4, achieves 72.29% in contrast to the human score of 89.38%, showing considerable room for enhancing the risk awareness of LLMs. Notably, leveraging risk descriptions as environment feedback significantly improves model performance, revealing the importance of salient safety risk feedback. Furthermore, we design an effective chain of safety analysis technique to help the judgment of safety risks and conduct an in-depth case study to facilitate future research. R-Judge is publicly available at https://github.com/Lordog/R-Judge. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"R-Judge: Benchmarking Safety Risk Awareness for LLM Agents\" does not fully satisfy the user query. The user is asking for studies that assess LLMs' proficiency in solving **complex tasks** by analyzing their responses. However, the paper focuses on benchmarking the **safety risk awareness** of LLMs in interactive environments, specifically evaluating their ability to judge safety risks based on agent interaction records. While the study involves analyzing LLM responses, its primary focus is on safety risk assessment rather than evaluating the models' general proficiency in solving complex tasks. Therefore, it does not align with the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers were referenced regarding the usage of composite tokens in code?\nTitle: InCoder: A Generative Model for Code Infilling and Synthesis\nAbstract:  Abstract Code is seldom written in a single left-to-right pass and is instead repeatedly edited and refined. We introduce InCoder, a unified generative model that can perform program synthesis (via left-to-right generation) as well as editing (via masking and infilling). InCoder is trained to generate code files from a large corpus of permissively licensed code, where regions of code have been randomly masked and moved to the end of each file, allowing code infilling with bidirectional context. Our model is the first large generative code model that is able to infill arbitrary regions of code, which we evaluate in a zero-shot setting on challenging tasks such as type inference, comment generation, and variable re-naming. We find that the ability to condition on bidirectional context substantially improves performance on these tasks, while still performing comparably on standard program synthesis benchmarks in comparison to left-to-right only models pretrained at similar scale. Our models and code are publicly released.111https://sites.google.com/view/incoder-code-models/ ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The abstract of the paper \"InCoder: A Generative Model for Code Infilling and Synthesis\" does not explicitly mention or reference the usage of composite tokens in code. The focus of the paper is on a generative model for code infilling and synthesis, emphasizing tasks such as type inference, comment generation, and variable renaming, as well as the use of bidirectional context for improving performance. While the paper discusses code generation and editing, there is no indication in the abstract that it specifically addresses or references the concept of composite tokens in code. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers elaborate on the processes of the Plug-and-Play method in image editing?\nTitle: Plug-and-Play Diffusion Features for Text-Driven Image-to-Image Translation\nAbstract:  Abstract Large-scale text-to-image generative models have been a revolutionary breakthrough in the evolution of generative AI, allowing us to synthesize diverse images that convey highly complex visual concepts. However, a pivotal challenge in leveraging such models for real-world content creation tasks is providing users with control over the generated content. In this paper, we present a new framework that takes text-to-image synthesis to the realm of image-to-image translation – given a guidance image and a target text prompt as input, our method harnesses the power of a pre-trained text-to-image diffusion model to generate a new image that complies with the target text, while preserving the semantic layout of the guidance image. Specifically, we observe and empirically demonstrate that fine-grained control over the generated structure can be achieved by manipulating spatial features and their self-attention inside the model. This results in a simple and effective approach, where features extracted from the guidance image are directly injected into the generation process of the translated image, requiring no training or fine-tuning. We demonstrate high-quality results on versatile text-guided image translation tasks, including translating sketches, rough drawings and animations into realistic images, changing of the class and appearance of objects in a given image, and modifications of global qualities such as lighting and color. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses a method that involves leveraging pre-trained diffusion models for text-driven image-to-image translation, it does not explicitly elaborate on the \"Plug-and-Play\" method in the context of image editing. The term \"Plug-and-Play\" in the user query typically refers to a specific methodology where pre-trained models or components are used without additional training or fine-tuning, often in a modular and interchangeable manner. Although the paper describes a process that does not require training or fine-tuning, it focuses on manipulating spatial features and self-attention in diffusion models rather than detailing the general Plug-and-Play framework or methodology in image editing. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have made use of the reconstruction of masked subgraphs in molecules for molecular topology pretraining?\nTitle: GPT-GNN: Generative Pre-Training of Graph Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract. Graph neural networks (GNNs) have been demonstrated to be powerful in modeling graph-structured data. However, training GNNs usually requires abundant task-specific labeled data, which is often arduously expensive to obtain. One effective way to reduce the labeling effort is to pre-train an expressive GNN model on unlabeled data with self-supervision and then transfer the learned model to downstream tasks with only a few labels. In this paper, we present the GPT-GNN ***The code and pre-trained models are available at https://github.com/acbull/GPT-GNN. framework to initialize GNNs by generative pre-training. GPT-GNN introduces a self-supervised attributed graph generation task to pre-train a GNN so that it can capture the structural and semantic properties of the graph. We factorize the likelihood of the graph generation into two components: 1) Attribute Generation and 2) Edge Generation. By modeling both components, GPT-GNN captures the inherent dependency between node attributes and graph structure during the generative process. Comprehensive experiments on the billion-scale Open Academic Graph and Amazon recommendation data demonstrate that GPT-GNN significantly outperforms state-of-the-art GNN models without pre-training by up to 9.1% across various downstream tasks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"GPT-GNN: Generative Pre-Training of Graph Neural Networks\" focuses on generative pre-training of graph neural networks using a self-supervised attributed graph generation task. While it discusses pre-training GNNs to capture structural and semantic properties of graphs, it does not specifically address the reconstruction of masked subgraphs in molecules for molecular topology pretraining. The paper primarily deals with general graph-structured data and does not focus on molecular graphs or the specific task of reconstructing masked subgraphs in the context of molecular topology. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works are about supervised protein-ligand binding models trained on binding affinity data from PDBBind?\nTitle: Protein-Ligand Scoring with Convolutional Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Computational approaches to drug discovery can reduce the time and cost associated with experimental assays and enable the screening of novel chemotypes. Structure-based drug design methods rely on scoring functions to rank and predict binding affinities and poses. The ever-expanding amount of protein-ligand binding and structural data enables the use of deep machine learning techniques for protein-ligand scoring. We describe convolutional neural network (CNN) scoring functions that take as input a comprehensive 3D representation of a protein-ligand interaction. A CNN scoring function automatically learns the key features of protein-ligand interactions that correlate with binding. We train and optimize our CNN scoring functions to discriminate between correct and incorrect binding poses and known binders and non-binders. We find that our CNN scoring function outperforms the AutoDock Vina scoring function when ranking poses both for pose prediction and virtual screening. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses convolutional neural network (CNN) scoring functions for protein-ligand interactions and mentions training models to predict binding poses and discriminate between binders and non-binders, it does not explicitly state that the models are trained on binding affinity data from the PDBBind database. The user query specifically asks for works that focus on supervised protein-ligand binding models trained on binding affinity data from PDBBind, and this paper does not provide sufficient evidence that it meets this criterion. Instead, the focus appears to be on pose prediction and virtual screening, rather than binding affinity prediction using PDBBind data."}
{"input": "User Query: Which existing benchmarks are suitable for conversion to multi-lingual counterparts?\nTitle: Measuring Coding Challenge Competence With APPS\nAbstract:  Abstract While programming is one of the most broadly applicable skills in modern society, it is unclear how well state-of-the-art machine learning models can write code. Despite its importance, there has been surprisingly little work on evaluating code generation, and it can be difficult to assess code generation performance in an accurate and rigorous manner. To meet this challenge, we introduce APPS, a benchmark for code generation. Unlike prior work in more restricted settings, our benchmark measures the ability of models to take an arbitrary natural language specification and generate satisfactory Python code. Similar to how companies assess candidate software developers, we evaluate models by checking their generated code on test cases. Our benchmark includes 10,0001000010,\\!000 problems, which range from having simple one-line solutions to being substantial algorithmic challenges. We fine-tune large language models on both GitHub and our training set, and we find that the prevalence of syntax errors is decreasing exponentially as models improve. Recent models such as GPT-Neo can pass approximately 20%percent2020\\% of the test cases of introductory problems, so we find that machine learning models are now beginning to learn how to code. As the social significance of automatic code generation increases over the coming years, our benchmark can provide an objective measure for tracking advancements. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper \"Measuring Coding Challenge Competence With APPS\" introduces the APPS benchmark, which is specifically designed to evaluate the ability of machine learning models to generate Python code from natural language specifications. While the benchmark is valuable for assessing code generation competence, the paper does not focus on or discuss the suitability of the APPS benchmark (or any other benchmarks) for conversion to multi-lingual counterparts. The primary focus is on evaluating code generation performance in Python, and there is no mention of multi-lingual aspects, such as adapting the benchmark to other programming languages or natural languages. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works developed advanced networks, ranging from convolution-based architectures to transformer-based approaches, in Monocular Metric Depth Estimation?\nTitle: Deep Ordinal Regression Network for Monocular Depth Estimation\nAbstract:  Abstract Monocular depth estimation, which plays a crucial role in understanding 3D scene geometry, is an ill-posed problem. Recent methods have gained significant improvement by exploring image-level information and hierarchical features from deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs). These methods model depth estimation as a regression problem and train the regression networks by minimizing mean squared error, which suffers from slow convergence and unsatisfactory local solutions. Besides, existing depth estimation networks employ repeated spatial pooling operations, resulting in undesirable low-resolution feature maps. To obtain high-resolution depth maps, skip-connections or multi-layer deconvolution networks are required, which complicates network training and consumes much more computations. To eliminate or at least largely reduce these problems, we introduce a spacing-increasing discretization (SID) strategy to discretize depth and recast depth network learning as an ordinal regression problem. By training the network using an ordinary regression loss, our method achieves much higher accuracy and faster convergence in synch. Furthermore, we adopt a multi-scale network structure which avoids unnecessary spatial pooling and captures multi-scale information in parallel. The method described in this paper achieves state-of-the-art results on four challenging benchmarks, i.e., KITTI [18], ScanNet [10], Make3D [51], and NYU Depth v2 [43], and win the 1st prize in Robust Vision Challenge 2018. Code has been made available at: https://github.com/hufu6371/DORN. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Deep Ordinal Regression Network for Monocular Depth Estimation\" primarily focuses on a convolution-based architecture for monocular depth estimation. It introduces a spacing-increasing discretization (SID) strategy and recasts depth estimation as an ordinal regression problem, leveraging deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs). While it discusses advancements in convolution-based approaches, it does not explore or develop transformer-based approaches, which are explicitly mentioned in the user query. The query seeks works that span both convolution-based and transformer-based architectures for monocular metric depth estimation, and this paper does not satisfy the transformer-based aspect of the requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the works that have extended ImageNet classes translations to other languages?\nTitle: Chinese CLIP: Contrastive Vision-Language Pretraining in Chinese\nAbstract:  Abstract The tremendous success of vision-language foundation models has promoted the research and application of computer vision and multimodal representation leearning. However, it is still difficult to effectively transfer such foundation models to language-specific scenarios. In this work, we propose Chinese CLIP with the two-stage pretraining method which trains the model with locked-image tuning in the first stage and contrastive tuning in the second one. Specifically, we have developed 555 Chinese CLIP models of multiple sizes, spanning from 777777 to 958958958 million parameters, and we have pretrained them on a collected large-scale dataset of Chinese image-text pairs. Our comprehensive experiments demonstrate that Chinese CLIP can achieve the state-of-the-art performance on MUGE, Flickr30K-CN, and COCO-CN in the setups of zero-shot learning and finetuning, and it is able to achieve competitive performance in zero-shot image classification based on the evaluation on the ELEVATER benchmark. We have released our codes, models, and demos111Github: https://github.com/OFA-Sys/Chinese-CLIP; ModelScope: https://www.modelscope.cn/models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Chinese CLIP: Contrastive Vision-Language Pretraining in Chinese\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. The user is specifically asking for works that have extended ImageNet class translations to other languages. However, the abstract of the searched paper focuses on developing a vision-language foundation model (Chinese CLIP) for Chinese, using a two-stage pretraining method and large-scale Chinese image-text pairs. While the paper discusses zero-shot image classification and performance on benchmarks, there is no mention in the abstract of extending ImageNet class translations to other languages or working specifically on translating ImageNet class labels. Therefore, it does not directly address the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers attempted to incorporate the full potential of large-scale models by prompt learning in image restoration?\nTitle: Controlling Vision-Language Models for Universal Image Restoration\nAbstract:  Abstract Vision-language models such as CLIP have shown great impact on diverse downstream tasks for zero-shot or label-free predictions. However, when it comes to low-level vision such as image restoration their performance deteriorates dramatically due to corrupted inputs. In this paper, we present a degradation-aware vision-language model (DA-CLIP) to better transfer pretrained vision-language models to low-level vision tasks as a universal framework for image restoration. More specifically, DA-CLIP trains an additional controller that adapts the fixed CLIP image encoder to predict high-quality feature embeddings. By integrating the embedding into an image restoration network via cross-attention, we are able to pilot the model to learn a high-fidelity image reconstruction. The controller itself will also output a degradation feature that matches the real corruptions of the input, yielding a natural classifier for different degradation types. In addition, we construct a mixed degradation dataset with synthetic captions for DA-CLIP training. Our approach advances state-of-the-art performance on both degradation-specific and unified image restoration tasks, showing a promising direction of prompting image restoration with large-scale pretrained vision-language models. Our code is available at https://github.com/Algolzw/daclip-uir. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Controlling Vision-Language Models for Universal Image Restoration\" discusses leveraging large-scale vision-language models (e.g., CLIP) for image restoration tasks, it does not explicitly focus on utilizing **prompt learning** as the primary mechanism to harness the full potential of these models. Instead, the paper introduces a degradation-aware controller (DA-CLIP) that adapts the pretrained CLIP model by training an additional controller and integrating embeddings into an image restoration network via cross-attention. Although this approach involves adapting a large-scale model, it does not align with the specific focus on **prompt learning** as described in the user query. Prompt learning typically refers to designing or optimizing prompts to guide pretrained models for specific tasks, which is not the central methodology of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What research works have established an O(1/sqrt{N}) optimality gap for the setting of finite-horizon total reward RBs?\nTitle: An Asymptotically Optimal Index Policy for Finite-Horizon Restless Bandits\nAbstract: We consider restless multi-armed bandit (RMAB) with a finite horizon and multiple pulls per period. Leveraging the Lagrangian relaxation, we approximate the problem with a collection of single arm problems. We then propose an index-based policy that uses optimal solutions of the single arm problems to index individual arms, and offer a proof that it is asymptotically optimal as the number of arms tends to infinity. We also use simulation to show that this index-based policy performs better than the state-of-art heuristics in various problem settings.", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper titled \"An Asymptotically Optimal Index Policy for Finite-Horizon Restless Bandits\" does not explicitly establish an \\( O(1/\\sqrt{N}) \\) optimality gap for the finite-horizon total reward restless bandit (RB) setting. While the abstract mentions asymptotic optimality as the number of arms tends to infinity, it does not specify the rate of convergence or provide a proof of an \\( O(1/\\sqrt{N}) \\) optimality gap. The user query specifically asks for research works that establish this particular optimality gap, and the paper does not fully satisfy this requirement based on the information provided in the abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: What works shed light on the correlation between the width of minima and generalization ability?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper's title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the lack of a detailed abstract do not provide any indication that it specifically addresses the correlation between the width of minima and generalization ability. Without explicit evidence or content suggesting that the paper explores this topic, it cannot be concluded that it fully satisfies the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies have explored the idea of training LMs using natural language instructions or templates for a variety of NLP tasks?\nTitle: MetaICL: Learning to Learn In Context\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce MetaICL (Meta-training for In-Context Learning), a new meta-training framework for few-shot learning where a pretrained language model is tuned to do in-context learning on a large set of training tasks. This meta-training enables the model to more effectively learn a new task in context at test time, by simply conditioning on a few training examples with no parameter updates or task-specific templates. We experiment on a large, diverse collection of tasks consisting of 142 NLP datasets including classification, question answering, natural language inference, paraphrase detection and more, across seven different meta-training/target splits. MetaICL outperforms a range of baselines including in-context learning without meta-training and multi-task learning followed by zero-shot transfer. We find that the gains are particularly significant for target tasks that have domain shifts from the meta-training tasks, and that using a diverse set of the meta-training tasks is key to improvements. We also show that MetaICL approaches (and sometimes beats) the performance of models fully finetuned on the target task, and outperforms much bigger models with nearly 8x parameters. Finally, we show that MetaICL is complementary to human-written instructions, and the best performance can be achieved by combining both approaches. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"MetaICL: Learning to Learn In Context\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper explores meta-training a language model for in-context learning across a variety of NLP tasks, it explicitly states that it does not rely on task-specific templates or natural language instructions during training. Instead, the focus is on enabling the model to learn tasks in context by conditioning on a few examples without using instructions or templates. The user query specifically asks for studies that explore training language models using natural language instructions or templates, which is not the approach taken in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What research introduced contextual sparsity by sparsifying MLP and attention blocks in LLMs?\nTitle: DejaVu: Conditional Regenerative Learning to Enhance Dense Prediction\nAbstract:  Abstract We present DejaVu, a novel framework which leverages conditional image regeneration as additional supervision during training to improve deep networks for dense prediction tasks such as segmentation, depth estimation, and surface normal prediction. First, we apply redaction to the input image, which removes certain structural information by sparse sampling or selective frequency removal. Next, we use a conditional regenerator, which takes the redacted image and the dense predictions as inputs, and reconstructs the original image by filling in the missing structural information. In the redacted image, structural attributes like boundaries are broken while semantic context is largely preserved. In order to make the regeneration feasible, the conditional generator will then require the structure information from the other input source, i.e., the dense predictions. As such, by including this conditional regeneration objective during training, DejaVu encourages the base network to learn to embed accurate scene structure in its dense prediction. This leads to more accurate predictions with clearer boundaries and better spatial consistency. When it is feasible to leverage additional computation, DejaVu can be extended to incorporate an attention-based regeneration module within the dense prediction network, which further improves accuracy. Through extensive experiments on multiple dense prediction benchmarks such as Cityscapes, COCO, ADE20K, NYUD-v2, and KITTI, we demonstrate the efficacy of employing DejaVu during training, as it outperforms SOTA methods at no added computation cost. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"DejaVu: Conditional Regenerative Learning to Enhance Dense Prediction\"* does not address the topic of contextual sparsity by sparsifying MLP and attention blocks in large language models (LLMs). Instead, it focuses on improving dense prediction tasks in computer vision through a novel framework that uses conditional image regeneration as additional supervision during training. The paper discusses techniques such as redaction, conditional regeneration, and attention-based regeneration modules, but it does not explore sparsity in MLPs or attention blocks, nor does it relate to LLMs. Therefore, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research works proposed methods to condition DDPM?\nTitle: Label-Efficient Semantic Segmentation with Diffusion Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Denoising diffusion probabilistic models have recently received much research attention since they outperform alternative approaches, such as GANs, and currently provide state-of-the-art generative performance. The superior performance of diffusion models has made them an appealing tool in several applications, including inpainting, super-resolution, and semantic editing. In this paper, we demonstrate that diffusion models can also serve as an instrument for semantic segmentation, especially in the setup when labeled data is scarce. In particular, for several pretrained diffusion models, we investigate the intermediate activations from the networks that perform the Markov step of the reverse diffusion process. We show that these activations effectively capture the semantic information from an input image and appear to be excellent pixel-level representations for the segmentation problem. Based on these observations, we describe a simple segmentation method, which can work even if only a few training images are provided. Our approach significantly outperforms the existing alternatives on several datasets for the same amount of human supervision. The source code of the project is publicly available. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The paper titled \"Label-Efficient Semantic Segmentation with Diffusion Models\" does not directly address methods to condition Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models (DDPM). Instead, it focuses on leveraging pretrained diffusion models for semantic segmentation, particularly in scenarios with limited labeled data. The paper investigates intermediate activations from the reverse diffusion process for pixel-level representations but does not propose or discuss methods to condition DDPM explicitly. The user query specifically asks for research works that propose methods to condition DDPM, which this paper does not satisfy."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works originally developed the diffusion models?\nTitle: Generative Modeling by Estimating Gradients of the Data Distribution\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce a new generative model where samples are produced via Langevin dynamics using gradients of the data distribution estimated with score matching. Because gradients can be ill-defined and hard to estimate when the data resides on low-dimensional manifolds, we perturb the data with different levels of Gaussian noise, and jointly estimate the corresponding scores, i.e., the vector fields of gradients of the perturbed data distribution for all noise levels. For sampling, we propose an annealed Langevin dynamics where we use gradients corresponding to gradually decreasing noise levels as the sampling process gets closer to the data manifold. Our framework allows flexible model architectures, requires no sampling during training or the use of adversarial methods, and provides a learning objective that can be used for principled model comparisons. Our models produce samples comparable to GANs on MNIST, CelebA and CIFAR-10 datasets, achieving a new state-of-the-art inception score of 8.87 on CIFAR-10. Additionally, we demonstrate that our models learn effective representations via image inpainting experiments. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled *\"Generative Modeling by Estimating Gradients of the Data Distribution\"*, introduces a generative modeling framework based on estimating gradients of the data distribution using score matching and sampling via Langevin dynamics. While this paper is foundational in the development of *score-based generative models* and has significant overlap with the techniques used in diffusion models, it does not specifically introduce or develop the concept of diffusion models as they are understood in the context of generative modeling. Diffusion models, as originally developed, involve a forward process that gradually adds noise to data and a reverse process that learns to denoise, which is distinct from the primary focus of this paper. Therefore, while this paper is highly relevant to the broader field, it does not fully satisfy the query about works that originally developed diffusion models."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you mention papers that reported results in terms of four calibration metrics including ECE and Adaptive-ECE?\nTitle: Revisiting the Evaluation of Uncertainty Estimation and Its Application to Explore Model Complexity-Uncertainty Trade-Off\nAbstract:  Abstract Accurately estimating uncertainties in neural network predictions is of great importance in building trusted DNNs-based models, and there is an increasing interest in providing accurate uncertainty estimation on many tasks, such as security cameras and autonomous driving vehicles. In this paper, we focus on the two main use cases of uncertainty estimation, i.e., selective prediction and confidence calibration. We first reveal potential issues of commonly used quality metrics for uncertainty estimation in both use cases, and propose our new metrics to mitigate them. We then apply these new metrics to explore the trade-off between model complexity and uncertainty estimation quality, a critically missing work in the literature. Our empirical experiment results validate the superiority of the proposed metrics, and some interesting trends about the complexity-uncertainty trade-off are observed. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on uncertainty estimation, selective prediction, and confidence calibration, and it mentions proposing new metrics to address potential issues with commonly used quality metrics. However, the abstract does not explicitly state that the paper reports results in terms of four calibration metrics, including ECE and Adaptive-ECE. Without explicit mention of these specific metrics in the abstract, it cannot be confirmed that the paper fully satisfies the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide papers that support the development of a direct approach in Speech-to-Speech Translation?\nTitle: Leveraging Weakly Supervised Data to Improve End-to-End Speech-to-Text Translation\nAbstract:  Abstract End-to-end Speech Translation (ST) models have many potential advantages when compared to the cascade of Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) and text Machine Translation (MT) models, including lowered inference latency and the avoidance of error compounding. However, the quality of end-to-end ST is often limited by a paucity of training data, since it is difficult to collect large parallel corpora of speech and translated transcript pairs. Previous studies have proposed the use of pre-trained components and multi-task learning in order to benefit from weakly supervised training data, such as speech-to-transcript or text-to-foreign-text pairs. In this paper, we demonstrate that using pre-trained MT or text-to-speech (TTS) synthesis models to convert weakly supervised data into speech-to-translation pairs for ST training can be more effective than multi-task learning. Furthermore, we demonstrate that a high quality end-to-end ST model can be trained using only weakly supervised datasets, and that synthetic data sourced from unlabeled monolingual text or speech can be used to improve performance. Finally, we discuss methods for avoiding overfitting to synthetic speech with a quantitative ablation study. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on end-to-end Speech-to-Text Translation (ST) rather than Speech-to-Speech Translation (S2ST). While it discusses methods to improve end-to-end ST models by leveraging weakly supervised data and synthetic data, it does not address the development of a direct approach for translating speech into speech. The user query specifically seeks papers that support direct Speech-to-Speech Translation approaches, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement as it is centered on Speech-to-Text Translation."}
{"input": "User Query: Which publications studied model resilience to training label error?\nTitle: Untitled Document\nAbstract:  Abstract We present new benchmarks for evaluating code generation models: MBXP, Multilingual HumanEval, and MathQA-X. These datasets encompass over 10 programming languages and are generated using a scalable conversion framework that transpiles prompts and test cases from the original Python datasets into the corresponding data in the target language. With these benchmarks, we can assess the performance of code generation models in a multilingual context, uncovering the generalization ability of language models on out-of-domain languages, the advantages of multilingual models over monolingual ones, the potential of few-shot prompting to teach models new languages, and zero-shot translation capabilities, even in monolingual settings. Additionally, we utilize our code generation model for large-scale bootstrapping to obtain synthetic canonical solutions in various languages, which can be employed for other code-related evaluations, such as code insertion, robustness, or summarization tasks. Overall, our benchmarks represent a significant step towards a deeper understanding of language models' code generation abilities. We publicly release our code and datasets at https://github.com/amazon-research/mxeval. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The abstract of the searched paper focuses on benchmarks for evaluating code generation models, particularly in a multilingual context. It discusses topics such as generalization ability, multilingual versus monolingual models, few-shot prompting, zero-shot translation, and synthetic solutions for code-related evaluations. However, it does not mention or address the topic of model resilience to training label error, which is the specific focus of the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies generated RIRs from reverberant audio clips?\nTitle: TS-RIR: Translated synthetic room impulse responses for speech augmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a method for improving the quality of synthetic room impulse responses for far-field speech recognition. We bridge the gap between the fidelity of synthetic room impulse responses (RIRs) and the real room impulse responses using our novel, TS-RIRGAN architecture. Given a synthetic RIR in the form of raw audio, we use TS-RIRGAN to translate it into a real RIR. We also perform real-world sub-band room equalization on the translated synthetic RIR. Our overall approach improves the quality of synthetic RIRs by compensating low-frequency wave effects, similar to those in real RIRs. We evaluate the performance of improved synthetic RIRs on a far-field speech dataset augmented by convolving the LibriSpeech clean speech dataset [1] with RIRs and adding background noise. We show that far-field speech augmented using our improved synthetic RIRs reduces the word error rate by up to 19.9% in Kaldi far-field automatic speech recognition benchmark [2]. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper focuses on improving the quality of synthetic room impulse responses (RIRs) by translating them into more realistic RIRs using the TS-RIRGAN architecture. However, it does not describe a method for generating RIRs directly from reverberant audio clips. Instead, the paper deals with enhancing synthetic RIRs and evaluating their effectiveness in speech augmentation tasks. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query, which specifically asks for studies that generate RIRs from reverberant audio clips."}
{"input": "User Query: What researches apply ML models to directly predict solutions for MILPs?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the abstract are insufficient to evaluate whether the paper applies ML models to directly predict solutions for MILPs (Mixed-Integer Linear Programs). The title does not provide any relevant information about the content of the paper, and the abstract is missing entirely. Without specific details about the research focus, methodology, or application of ML models to MILPs, it is impossible to confirm that the paper satisfies the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some work that aim to address the Janus problems in text-to-3D generation?\nTitle: Text-to-3D using Gaussian Splatting\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper, we present Gaussian Splatting based text-to-3D generation (Gsgen), a novel approach for generating high-quality 3D objects. Previous methods suffer from inaccurate geometry and limited fidelity due to the absence of 3D prior and proper representation. We leverage 3D Gaussian Splatting, a recent state-of-the-art representation, to address existing shortcomings by exploiting the explicit nature that enables the incorporation of 3D prior. Specifically, our method adopts a progressive optimization strategy, which includes a geometry optimization stage and an appearance refinement stage. In geometry optimization, a coarse representation is established under a 3D geometry prior along with the ordinary 2D SDS loss, ensuring a sensible and 3D-consistent rough shape. Subsequently, the obtained Gaussians undergo an iterative refinement to enrich details. In this stage, we increase the number of Gaussians by compactness-based densification to enhance continuity and improve fidelity. With these designs, our approach can generate 3D content with delicate details and more accurate geometry. Extensive evaluations demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, especially for capturing high-frequency components. Our code is available at https://github.com/gsgen3d/gsgen/. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The paper titled \"Text-to-3D using Gaussian Splatting\" does not explicitly address the Janus problem in text-to-3D generation. The Janus problem typically refers to challenges related to generating consistent and coherent 3D representations of objects from text, particularly when dealing with ambiguous or conflicting views (e.g., front and back inconsistencies). While the paper focuses on improving geometry accuracy and fidelity using Gaussian Splatting and progressive optimization, it does not explicitly mention or tackle the Janus problem, such as addressing ambiguities or ensuring consistency across different perspectives of the generated 3D objects. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: In what studies employ density estimators for per-ray basis in 3D GANs?\nTitle: AdaNeRF: Adaptive Sampling for Real-time Rendering of Neural Radiance Fields\nAbstract:  Abstract Novel view synthesis has recently been revolutionized by learning neural radiance fields directly from sparse observations. However, rendering images with this new paradigm is slow due to the fact that an accurate quadrature of the volume rendering equation requires a large number of samples for each ray. Previous work has mainly focused on speeding up the network evaluations that are associated with each sample point, e.g., via caching of radiance values into explicit spatial data structures, but this comes at the expense of model compactness. In this paper, we propose a novel dual-network architecture that takes an orthogonal direction by learning how to best reduce the number of required sample points. To this end, we split our network into a sampling and shading network that are jointly trained. Our training scheme employs fixed sample positions along each ray, and incrementally introduces sparsity throughout training to achieve high quality even at low sample counts. After fine-tuning with the target number of samples, the resulting compact neural representation can be rendered in real-time. Our experiments demonstrate that our approach outperforms concurrent compact neural representations in terms of quality and frame rate and performs on par with highly efficient hybrid representations. Code and supplementary material is available at https://thomasneff.github.io/adanerf. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"AdaNeRF: Adaptive Sampling for Real-time Rendering of Neural Radiance Fields\" focuses on improving the efficiency of neural radiance fields (NeRFs) for novel view synthesis by reducing the number of required sample points along each ray. While it discusses sampling strategies and rendering efficiency, it does not specifically address the use of density estimators for per-ray basis in the context of 3D GANs. The paper's primary focus is on adaptive sampling and rendering optimization, which is orthogonal to the user's query about density estimators in 3D GANs. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper has derived the first high-probability results for non-convex optimization under Assumption?\nTitle: High-probability bounds for Non-Convex Stochastic Optimization with Heavy Tails\nAbstract:  Abstract We consider non-convex stochastic optimization using first-order algorithms for which the gradient estimates may have heavy tails. We show that a combination of gradient clipping, momentum, and normalized gradient descent yields convergence to critical points in high-probability with best-known rates for smooth losses when the gradients only have bounded 𝔭𝔭\\mathfrak{p}th moments for some 𝔭∈(1,2]𝔭12\\mathfrak{p}\\in(1,2]. We then consider the case of second-order smooth losses, which to our knowledge have not been studied in this setting, and again obtain high-probability bounds for any 𝔭𝔭\\mathfrak{p}. Moreover, our results hold for arbitrary smooth norms, in contrast to the typical SGD analysis which requires a Hilbert space norm. Further, we show that after a suitable “burn-in” period, the objective value will monotonically decrease whenever the current iterate is not a critical point, which provides intuition behind the popular practice of learning rate “warm-up” and also yields a last-iterate guarantee. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper titled \"High-probability bounds for Non-Convex Stochastic Optimization with Heavy Tails\" does present high-probability results for non-convex optimization, it does not explicitly claim or provide evidence that it is the *first* to derive such results under the specified assumptions. The user query specifically asks for the paper that derived the *first* high-probability results for non-convex optimization under certain assumptions. Without explicit evidence or claims in the abstract or title that this paper is the first to achieve this, it cannot be concluded that it fully satisfies the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works are about feed-forward methods for 3D diffusion models?\nTitle: Point⋅E: A System for Generating 3D Point Clouds from Complex Prompts\nAbstract:  Abstract While recent work on text-conditional 3D object generation has shown promising results, the state-of-the-art methods typically require multiple GPU-hours to produce a single sample. This is in stark contrast to state-of-the-art generative image models, which produce samples in a number of seconds or minutes. In this paper, we explore an alternative method for 3D object generation which produces 3D models in only 1-2 minutes on a single GPU. Our method first generates a single synthetic view using a text-to-image diffusion model, and then produces a 3D point cloud using a second diffusion model which conditions on the generated image. While our method still falls short of the state-of-the-art in terms of sample quality, it is one to two orders of magnitude faster to sample from, offering a practical trade-off for some use cases. We release our pre-trained point cloud diffusion models, as well as evaluation code and models, at https://github.com/openai/point-e. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Point⋅E: A System for Generating 3D Point Clouds from Complex Prompts\" does not fully satisfy the user's query. While the paper discusses a method for 3D object generation using diffusion models, it does not focus on feed-forward methods. Instead, it describes a two-stage process involving a text-to-image diffusion model followed by a second diffusion model for generating 3D point clouds. Diffusion models are iterative by nature, and the paper does not explicitly mention or emphasize feed-forward approaches for 3D diffusion models. Therefore, the paper does not meet the specific requirement of being about feed-forward methods for 3D diffusion models."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research papers addressed NSWC SCO problems?\nTitle: Distributionally Robust Learning with Weakly Convex Losses: Convergence Rates and Finite-Sample Guarantees\nAbstract: We consider a distributionally robust stochastic optimization problem and formulate it as a stochastic two-level composition optimization problem with the use of the mean--semideviation risk measure. In this setting, we consider a single time-scale algorithm, involving two versions of the inner function value tracking: linearized tracking of a continuously differentiable loss function, and SPIDER tracking of a weakly convex loss function. We adopt the norm of the gradient of the Moreau envelope as our measure of stationarity and show that the sample complexity of $\\mathcal{O}(\\varepsilon^{-3})$ is possible in both cases, with only the constant larger in the second case. Finally, we demonstrate the performance of our algorithm with a robust learning example and a weakly convex, non-smooth regression example.", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The user query specifically asks for research papers that address NSWC SCO problems. NSWC SCO typically refers to \"Non-Smooth Weakly Convex Stochastic Composite Optimization\" problems. While the searched paper does discuss stochastic optimization and weakly convex losses, it focuses on distributionally robust learning and stochastic two-level composition optimization using a mean-semideviation risk measure. The paper's emphasis is on convergence rates, finite-sample guarantees, and specific algorithms (e.g., SPIDER tracking) for robust learning and regression. It does not explicitly or clearly address NSWC SCO problems as defined in the query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works develop self-supervised paradigm and vision-language multitask learning in GIQA?\nTitle: Image Quality Assessment using Contrastive Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract We consider the problem of obtaining image quality representations in a self-supervised manner. We use prediction of distortion type and degree as an auxiliary task to learn features from an unlabeled image dataset containing a mixture of synthetic and realistic distortions. We then train a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) using a contrastive pairwise objective to solve the auxiliary problem. We refer to the proposed training framework and resulting deep IQA model as the CONTRastive Image QUality Evaluator (CONTRIQUE). During evaluation, the CNN weights are frozen and a linear regressor maps the learned representations to quality scores in a No-Reference (NR) setting. We show through extensive experiments that CONTRIQUE achieves competitive performance when compared to state-of-the-art NR image quality models, even without any additional fine-tuning of the CNN backbone. The learned representations are highly robust and generalize well across images afflicted by either synthetic or authentic distortions. Our results suggest that powerful quality representations with perceptual relevance can be obtained without requiring large labeled subjective image quality datasets. The implementations used in this paper are available at https://github.com/pavancm/CONTRIQUE. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled \"Image Quality Assessment using Contrastive Learning,\" focuses on developing a self-supervised paradigm for image quality assessment (IQA) using contrastive learning. While it addresses the self-supervised aspect of the user query, it does not explore or develop vision-language multitask learning in the context of Generalized Image Quality Assessment (GIQA). The paper is centered on learning image quality representations and evaluating them in a No-Reference (NR) IQA setting, without any mention of vision-language tasks or their integration into the GIQA framework. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works present how SDM can be treated as an instance of Single Positive Multi-Label (SPML) learning?\nTitle: Spatial Consistency Loss for Training Multi-Label Classifiers from Single-Label Annotations\nAbstract:  Abstract As natural images usually contain multiple objects, multi-label image classification is more applicable “in the wild” than single-label classification. However, exhaustively annotating images with every object of interest is costly and time-consuming. We aim to train multi-label classifiers from single-label annotations only. We show that adding a consistency loss, ensuring that the predictions of the network are consistent over consecutive training epochs, is a simple yet effective method to train multi-label classifiers in a weakly supervised setting. We further extend this approach spatially, by ensuring consistency of the spatial feature maps produced over consecutive training epochs, maintaining per-class running-average heatmaps for each training image. We show that this spatial consistency loss further improves the multi-label mAP of the classifiers. In addition, we show that this method overcomes shortcomings of the “crop” data-augmentation by recovering correct supervision signal even when most of the single ground truth object is cropped out of the input image by the data augmentation. We demonstrate gains of the consistency and spatial consistency losses over the binary cross-entropy baseline, and over competing methods, on MS-COCO and Pascal VOC. We also demonstrate improved multi-label classification mAP on ImageNet-1K using the ReaL multi-label validation set. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled *\"Spatial Consistency Loss for Training Multi-Label Classifiers from Single-Label Annotations\"* does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses training multi-label classifiers from single-label annotations, which is related to weakly supervised learning, it does not explicitly address or present how SDM (Single-Label Data with Multi-Label) can be treated as an instance of Single Positive Multi-Label (SPML) learning. The focus of the paper is on introducing a spatial consistency loss to improve multi-label classification performance, rather than framing SDM as SPML or exploring the theoretical or practical connections between these two paradigms. The user query specifically asks for works that present SDM as an instance of SPML learning, which is not the main focus or contribution of the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers discuss the success of attention mechanisms in machine learning?\nTitle: Masked Autoencoders As Spatiotemporal Learners\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper studies a conceptually simple extension of Masked Autoencoders (MAE) [31] to spatiotemporal representation learning from videos. We randomly mask out spacetime patches in videos and learn an autoencoder to reconstruct them in pixels. Interestingly, we show that our MAE method can learn strong representations with almost no inductive bias on spacetime (only except for patch and positional embeddings), and spacetime-agnostic random masking performs the best. We observe that the optimal masking ratio is as high as 90% (vs. 75% on images [31]), supporting the hypothesis that this ratio is related to information redundancy of the data. A high masking ratio leads to a large speedup, e.g., >> 4×\\times in wall-clock time or even more. We report competitive results on several challenging video datasets using vanilla Vision Transformers [18]. We observe that MAE can outperform supervised pre-training by large margins. We further report encouraging results of training on real-world, uncurated Instagram data. Our study suggests that the general framework of masked autoencoding (BERT [15], MAE [31], etc.) can be a unified methodology for representation learning with minimal domain knowledge. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Masked Autoencoders As Spatiotemporal Learners,\" primarily focuses on the application of Masked Autoencoders (MAE) for spatiotemporal representation learning in videos. While MAE is related to the broader family of transformer-based models that utilize attention mechanisms, the paper does not explicitly discuss the success of attention mechanisms in machine learning. Instead, it emphasizes the effectiveness of masked autoencoding and the ability of MAE to learn representations with minimal inductive bias. The user query specifically seeks papers that discuss the success of attention mechanisms, which is not the central focus or detailed analysis provided in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies utilize offline trajectories for pretraining in RL?\nTitle: IJCAI–23 Formatting Instructions\nAbstract:  Abstract Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) exhibit satisfactory performance on homophilic networks, yet their effectiveness diminishes on heterophilic graphs, prompting the exploration of various message-passing schemes. In particular, assigning negative weights to heterophilic edges (signed propagation) has gained significant attention, and some studies theoretically confirm its effectiveness. Nevertheless, prior theorems assume binary class graphs, and they may not hold well for graphs with multiple classes. In this paper, we offer new theoretical insights into GNNs in multi-class environments and identify the limitations of employing signed propagation from two perspectives: message-passing and parameter update. We found that signed propagation without considering feature distribution can degrade the separability of dissimilar neighbors, which also increases prediction uncertainty (e.g., conflicting evidence) that can cause instability. To address these limitations, we introduce two novel calibration strategies aiming to improve discrimination power while reducing entropy in predictions. Through theoretical and extensive experimental analysis, we demonstrate that the proposed schemes enhance the performance of both signed and general message-passing neural networks. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"IJCAI–23 Formatting Instructions\" focuses on Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) and their performance on heterophilic graphs, particularly exploring message-passing schemes and signed propagation. It does not address Reinforcement Learning (RL), offline trajectories, or pretraining in RL, which are the key aspects of the user query. Therefore, the paper does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies discuss reward-biased maximum likelihood estimation under the context of 'Multi-arm bandit', 'Linear Stochastic Bandits', 'tabular RL', and 'Linear Quadratic Regulator' settings?\nTitle: Reward Biased Maximum Likelihood Estimation for Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract: The Reward-Biased Maximum Likelihood Estimate (RBMLE) for adaptive control of Markov chains was proposed to overcome the central obstacle of what is variously called the fundamental \"closed-identifiability problem\" of adaptive control, the \"dual control problem\", or, contemporaneously, the \"exploration vs. exploitation problem\". It exploited the key observation that since the maximum likelihood parameter estimator can asymptotically identify the closed-transition probabilities under a certainty equivalent approach, the limiting parameter estimates must necessarily have an optimal reward that is less than the optimal reward attainable for the true but unknown system. Hence it proposed a counteracting reverse bias in favor of parameters with larger optimal rewards, providing a solution to the fundamental problem alluded to above. It thereby proposed an optimistic approach of favoring parameters with larger optimal rewards, now known as \"optimism in the face of uncertainty\". The RBMLE approach has been proved to be long-term average reward optimal in a variety of contexts. However, modern attention is focused on the much finer notion of \"regret\", or finite-time performance. Recent analysis of RBMLE for multi-armed stochastic bandits and linear contextual bandits has shown that it not only has state-of-the-art regret, but it also exhibits empirical performance comparable to or better than the best current contenders, and leads to strikingly simple index policies. Motivated by this, we examine the finite-time performance of RBMLE for reinforcement learning tasks that involve the general problem of optimal control of unknown Markov Decision Processes. We show that it has a regret of $\\mathcal{O}( \\log T)$ over a time horizon of $T$ steps, similar to state-of-the-art algorithms. Simulation studies show that RBMLE outperforms other algorithms such as UCRL2 and Thompson Sampling.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses Reward-Biased Maximum Likelihood Estimation (RBMLE) and its application to reinforcement learning, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. Specifically:\n\n1. **Multi-arm bandit:** The paper mentions that RBMLE has been analyzed for multi-armed stochastic bandits and has state-of-the-art regret, which aligns with the query.\n  \n2. **Linear Stochastic Bandits:** The paper also references linear contextual bandits, which is closely related to linear stochastic bandits. This partially satisfies the query.\n\n3. **Tabular RL:** The paper discusses RBMLE in the context of reinforcement learning tasks involving Markov Decision Processes (MDPs), which could include tabular RL. However, it does not explicitly mention \"tabular RL\" or provide detailed analysis specific to this setting.\n\n4. **Linear Quadratic Regulator (LQR):** The paper does not mention or discuss the Linear Quadratic Regulator (LQR) setting, which is a key part of the user query.\n\nThus, while the paper addresses some aspects of the query (multi-arm bandit and linear stochastic bandits), it does not cover all the specified contexts, particularly tabular RL in detail and LQR. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works which employed grid-worlds in their studies on MARL?\nTitle: On the Utility of Learning about Humans for Human-AI Coordination\nAbstract:  Abstract While we would like agents that can coordinate with humans, current algorithms such as self-play and population-based training create agents that can coordinate with themselves. Agents that assume their partner to be optimal or similar to them can converge to coordination protocols that fail to understand and be understood by humans. To demonstrate this, we introduce a simple environment that requires challenging coordination, based on the popular game Overcooked, and learn a simple model that mimics human play. We evaluate the performance of agents trained via self-play and population-based training. These agents perform very well when paired with themselves, but when paired with our human model, they are significantly worse than agents designed to play with the human model. An experiment with a planning algorithm yields the same conclusion, though only when the human-aware planner is given the exact human model that it is playing with. A user study with real humans shows this pattern as well, though less strongly. Qualitatively, we find that the gains come from having the agent adapt to the human’s gameplay. Given this result, we suggest several approaches for designing agents that learn about humans in order to better coordinate with them. Code is available at https://github.com/HumanCompatibleAI/overcooked_ai. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The paper titled \"On the Utility of Learning about Humans for Human-AI Coordination\" does not fully satisfy the user's query. While the paper mentions a simple environment based on the game Overcooked, which may involve grid-like structures, it does not explicitly state that it employs grid-worlds in the context of multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL). The focus of the paper is on human-AI coordination and the evaluation of agents trained via self-play and population-based training, rather than explicitly studying MARL in grid-world environments. Therefore, it does not fully meet the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies use traditional supervised approaches with rejection option in the detector?\nTitle: PAC-Wrap: Semi-Supervised PAC Anomaly Detection\nAbstract:  Abstract. Anomaly detection is essential for preventing hazardous outcomes for safety-critical applications like autonomous driving. Given their safety-criticality, these applications benefit from provable bounds on various errors in anomaly detection. To achieve this goal in the semi-supervised setting, we propose to provide Probably Approximately Correct (PAC) guarantees on the false negative and false positive detection rates for anomaly detection algorithms. Our method (PAC-Wrap) can wrap around virtually any existing semi-supervised and unsupervised anomaly detection method, endowing it with rigorous guarantees. Our experiments with various anomaly detectors and datasets indicate that PAC-Wrap is broadly effective. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"PAC-Wrap: Semi-Supervised PAC Anomaly Detection\" focuses on semi-supervised and unsupervised anomaly detection methods, providing PAC guarantees for false negative and false positive rates. It does not explicitly address traditional supervised approaches or the use of a rejection option in the detector. The user query specifically asks for studies using traditional supervised approaches with a rejection option, which this paper does not satisfy."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide some studies about Optimal Transport that used the OT cost as a measure of the difference between distributions supported on high-dimensional space using SGD?\nTitle: Wasserstein Auto-Encoders\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose the Wasserstein Auto-Encoder (WAE)—a new algorithm for building a generative model of the data distribution. WAE minimizes a penalized form of the Wasserstein distance between the model distribution and the target distribution, which leads to a different regularizer than the one used by the Variational Auto-Encoder (VAE) [1]. This regularizer encourages the encoded training distribution to match the prior. We compare our algorithm with several other techniques and show that it is a generalization of adversarial auto-encoders (AAE) [2]. Our experiments show that WAE shares many of the properties of VAEs (stable training, encoder-decoder architecture, nice latent manifold structure) while generating samples of better quality, as measured by the FID score. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Wasserstein Auto-Encoders\" discusses the use of the Wasserstein distance (a concept from Optimal Transport) to measure the difference between distributions, it does not explicitly focus on using the OT cost as a measure of the difference between distributions supported on high-dimensional space **in conjunction with SGD**. The abstract does not mention the use of stochastic gradient descent (SGD) for optimizing the OT cost or any specific focus on high-dimensional distributions in this context. Instead, the paper primarily introduces a generative model framework (WAE) and compares it to other auto-encoder-based methods. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works about the limitations of these API-based applications in capturing fine-grained visual details and understanding complex visual contexts?\nTitle: MM-ReAct : Prompting ChatGPT for Multimodal Reasoning and Action\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose MM-ReAct, a system paradigm that integrates ChatGPT with a pool of vision experts to achieve multimodal reasoning and action. In this paper, we define and explore a comprehensive list of advanced vision tasks that are intriguing to solve, but may exceed the capabilities of existing vision and vision-language models. To achieve such advanced visual intelligence, MM-ReAct introduces a textual prompt design that can represent text descriptions, textualized spatial coordinates, and aligned file names for dense visual signals such as images and videos. MM-ReAct’s prompt design allows language models to accept, associate, and process multimodal information, thereby facilitating the synergetic combination of ChatGPT and various vision experts. Zero-shot experiments demonstrate MM-ReAct’s effectiveness in addressing the specified capabilities of interests and its wide application in different scenarios that require advanced visual understanding. Furthermore, we discuss and compare MM-ReAct’s system paradigm with an alternative approach that extends language models for multimodal scenarios through joint finetuning. Code, demo, video, and visualization are available at https://multimodal-react.github.io/. ††∗Equal Contribution   ♠Project Lead ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"MM-ReAct: Prompting ChatGPT for Multimodal Reasoning and Action\" discusses the integration of ChatGPT with vision experts to address advanced visual tasks, it primarily focuses on proposing a system paradigm (MM-ReAct) and demonstrating its effectiveness in multimodal reasoning. The paper does not explicitly address or analyze the **limitations** of API-based applications in capturing fine-grained visual details or understanding complex visual contexts. Instead, it emphasizes the capabilities and design of MM-ReAct to overcome certain challenges in multimodal reasoning. The user query specifically seeks works discussing limitations, which this paper does not fully satisfy."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers determined a worst-case scenario where the information structure is chosen adversarially?\nTitle: Robust Forecast Aggregation\nAbstract: Bayesian experts who are exposed to different evidence often make contradictory probabilistic forecasts. An aggregator, ignorant of the underlying model, uses this to calculate her own forecast. We use the notions of scoring rules and regret to propose a natural way to evaluate an aggregation scheme. We focus on a binary state space and construct low regret aggregation schemes whenever there are only two experts which are either Blackwell-ordered or receive conditionally i.i.d. signals. In contrast, if there are many experts with conditionally i.i.d. signals, then no scheme performs (asymptotically) better than a $(0.5,0.5)$ forecast.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Robust Forecast Aggregation,\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses the evaluation of aggregation schemes under different conditions and considers notions like regret and performance in probabilistic forecasting, it does not explicitly address a worst-case scenario where the *information structure* itself is chosen adversarially. The focus of the paper is on constructing low-regret aggregation schemes and analyzing performance under specific conditions (e.g., Blackwell-ordered experts or conditionally i.i.d. signals), but it does not delve into adversarially chosen information structures, which is the core of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about learning the volumetric field between pairs of meshed objects without collisions?\nTitle: MeshODE: A Robust and Scalable Framework for Mesh Deformation\nAbstract:  Abstract. We present MeshODE, a scalable and robust framework for pairwise CAD model deformation without prespecified correspondences. Given a pair of shapes, our framework provides a novel shape feature-preserving mapping function that continuously deforms one model to the other by minimizing fitting and rigidity losses based on the non-rigid iterative-closest-point (ICP) algorithm. We address two challenges in this problem, namely the design of a powerful deformation function and obtaining a feature-preserving CAD deformation. While traditional deformation directly optimizes for the coordinates of the mesh vertices or the vertices of a control cage, we introduce a deep bijective mapping that utilizes a flow model parameterized as a neural network. Our function has the capacity to handle complex deformations, produces deformations that are guaranteed free of self-intersections, and requires low rigidity constraining for geometry preservation, which leads to a better fitting quality compared with existing methods. It additionally enables continuous deformation between two arbitrary shapes without supervision for intermediate shapes. Furthermore, we propose a robust preprocessing pipeline for raw CAD meshes using feature-aware subdivision and a uniform graph template representation to address artifacts in raw CAD models including self-intersections, irregular triangles, topologically disconnected components, non-manifold edges, and nonuniformly distributed vertices. This facilitates a fast deformation optimization process that preserves global and local details. On top of the methodological contributions, we create an evaluation benchmark for unsupervised pairwise shape deformation and find that our deformation results significantly outperform the state-of-the-art deformation algorithms with respect to fitting error. We show that our framework benefits various downstream applications including novel shape design and animation, scan-to-CAD fitting, and texture transfer. Our code is publicly available111https://github.com/hjwdzh/MeshODE. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The paper \"MeshODE: A Robust and Scalable Framework for Mesh Deformation\" focuses on pairwise CAD model deformation using a deep bijective mapping function and optimizing fitting and rigidity losses. While it addresses deformation tasks and ensures self-intersection-free deformations, it does not explicitly deal with learning the volumetric field between pairs of meshed objects. The user query specifically asks for studies about learning the volumetric field, which involves understanding and modeling the 3D space or field between two meshed objects, rather than deforming one mesh to match another. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers propose simple math problem datasets for evaluating arithmetic reasoning skills of large language models?\nTitle: Program Induction by Rationale Generation: Learning to Solve and Explain Algebraic Word Problems\nAbstract:  Abstract Solving algebraic word problems requires executing a series of arithmetic operations—a program—to obtain a final answer. However, since programs can be arbitrarily complicated, inducing them directly from question-answer pairs is a formidable challenge. To make this task more feasible, we solve these problems by generating answer rationales, sequences of natural language and human-readable mathematical expressions that derive the final answer through a series of small steps. Although rationales do not explicitly specify programs, they provide a scaffolding for their structure via intermediate milestones. To evaluate our approach, we have created a new 100,000-sample dataset of questions, answers and rationales. Experimental results show that indirect supervision of program learning via answer rationales is a promising strategy for inducing arithmetic programs. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Program Induction by Rationale Generation: Learning to Solve and Explain Algebraic Word Problems\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper introduces a dataset of 100,000 samples containing questions, answers, and rationales, its primary focus is on solving algebraic word problems and generating rationales to scaffold program induction. The dataset is designed to evaluate the ability to generate and explain solutions to algebraic problems, rather than specifically proposing a dataset of simple math problems aimed at evaluating arithmetic reasoning skills of large language models. The emphasis is on algebraic word problems and rationale generation, which is a more complex task than simple arithmetic reasoning."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies proposed leveraging execution information to enhance code generation?\nTitle: Competition-Level Code Generation with AlphaCode\nAbstract: Programming is a powerful and ubiquitous problem-solving tool. Developing systems that can assist programmers or even generate programs independently could make programming more productive and accessible, yet so far incorporating innovations in AI has proven challenging. Recent large-scale language models have demonstrated an impressive ability to generate code, and are now able to complete simple programming tasks. However, these models still perform poorly when evaluated on more complex, unseen problems that require problem-solving skills beyond simply translating instructions into code. For example, competitive programming problems which require an understanding of algorithms and complex natural language remain extremely challenging. To address this gap, we introduce AlphaCode, a system for code generation that can create novel solutions to these problems that require deeper reasoning. In simulated evaluations on recent programming competitions on the Codeforces platform, AlphaCode achieved on average a ranking of top 54.3% in competitions with more than 5,000 participants. We found that three key components were critical to achieve good and reliable performance: (1) an extensive and clean competitive programming dataset for training and evaluation, (2) large and efficient-to-sample transformer-based architectures, and (3) large-scale model sampling to explore the search space, followed by filtering based on program behavior to a small set of submissions.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Competition-Level Code Generation with AlphaCode\" does not explicitly propose leveraging execution information to enhance code generation. While it mentions filtering based on program behavior as one of the key components for improving performance, the abstract does not provide sufficient detail to confirm that this involves leveraging execution information (e.g., running the code to gather execution feedback or results) as a core mechanism for enhancing code generation. The focus of the paper appears to be on dataset quality, model architecture, and sampling strategies rather than explicitly utilizing execution information in the code generation process. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you name the papers that discuss structured sparse factorizations in the optimization of the multi-layer perceptron (MLP)?\nTitle: Sparse Networks from Scratch: Faster Training without Losing Performance\nAbstract:  Abstract We demonstrate the possibility of what we call sparse learning: accelerated training of deep neural networks that maintain sparse weights throughout training while achieving dense performance levels. We accomplish this by developing sparse momentum, an algorithm which uses exponentially smoothed gradients (momentum) to identify layers and weights which reduce the error efficiently. Sparse momentum redistributes pruned weights across layers according to the mean momentum magnitude of each layer. Within a layer, sparse momentum grows weights according to the momentum magnitude of zero-valued weights. We demonstrate state-of-the-art sparse performance on MNIST, CIFAR-10, and ImageNet, decreasing the mean error by a relative 8%, 15%, and 6% compared to other sparse algorithms. Furthermore, we show that sparse momentum reliably reproduces dense performance levels while providing up to 5.61x faster training. In our analysis, ablations show that the benefits of momentum redistribution and growth increase with the depth and size of the network. Additionally, we find that sparse momentum is insensitive to the choice of its hyperparameters suggesting that sparse momentum is robust and easy to use. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Sparse Networks from Scratch: Faster Training without Losing Performance,\" primarily focuses on sparse learning and the development of the sparse momentum algorithm for training deep neural networks with sparse weights. While it discusses sparsity and optimization, it does not explicitly address **structured sparse factorizations** in the context of optimizing multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs). The paper emphasizes sparse training techniques and performance improvements but does not delve into structured sparse factorizations, which involve decomposing or factorizing weight matrices in a structured manner to optimize MLPs. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers focus on multi-codebook quantization techniques that approximate the datapoint as some aggregate of the codebook element it was assigned to per-codebook?\nTitle: Accelerating Large-Scale Inference with Anisotropic Vector Quantization\nAbstract:  Abstract Quantization based techniques are the current state-of-the-art for scaling maximum inner product search to massive databases. Traditional approaches to quantization aim to minimize the reconstruction error of the database points. Based on the observation that for a given query, the database points that have the largest inner products are more relevant, we develop a family of anisotropic quantization loss functions. Under natural statistical assumptions, we show that quantization with these loss functions leads to a new variant of vector quantization that more greatly penalizes the parallel component of a datapoint’s residual relative to its orthogonal component. The proposed approach, whose implementation is open-source, achieves state-of-the-art results on the public benchmarks available at ann-benchmarks.com. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: While the paper \"Accelerating Large-Scale Inference with Anisotropic Vector Quantization\" discusses quantization techniques and introduces anisotropic quantization loss functions, it does not explicitly focus on multi-codebook quantization techniques where a datapoint is approximated as some aggregate of the codebook elements it was assigned to per-codebook. The paper primarily emphasizes improving maximum inner product search through anisotropic quantization, which penalizes certain components of the residual based on their orientation. It does not delve into the specifics of multi-codebook quantization or the aggregation of codebook elements across multiple codebooks, as required by the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about training V2V models with paired spatial controls and video data?\nTitle: Control-A-Video: Controllable Text-to-Video Generation with Diffusion Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent advancements in diffusion models have unlocked unprecedented abilities in visual creation. However, current text-to-video generation models struggle with the trade-off among movement range, action coherence and object consistency. To mitigate this issue, we present a controllable text-to-video (T2V) diffusion model, called Control-A-Video, capable of maintaining consistency while customizable video synthesis. Based on a pre-trained conditional text-to-image (T2I) diffusion model, our model aims to generate videos conditioned on a sequence of control signals, such as edge or depth maps. For the purpose of improving object consistency, Control-A-Video integrates motion priors and content priors into video generation. We propose two motion-adaptive noise initialization strategies, which are based on pixel residual and optical flow, to introduce motion priors from input videos, producing more coherent videos. Moreover, a first-frame conditioned controller is proposed to generate videos from content priors of the first frame, which facilitates the semantic alignment with text and allows longer video generation in an auto-regressive manner. With the proposed architecture and strategies, our model achieves resource-efficient convergence and generate consistent and coherent videos with fine-grained control. Extensive experiments demonstrate its success in various video generative tasks such as video editing and video style transfer, outperforming previous methods in terms of consistency and quality. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Control-A-Video: Controllable Text-to-Video Generation with Diffusion Models\" focuses on controllable text-to-video (T2V) generation using diffusion models. While it mentions the use of control signals (e.g., edge or depth maps) and motion priors for video generation, the paper does not explicitly address the training of video-to-video (V2V) models with paired spatial controls and video data. The primary focus is on generating videos from text prompts and control signals, rather than training V2V models specifically. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you identify any studies that look into textual backdoor attacks in the NLP tasks?\nTitle: A Tale of Evil Twins: Adversarial Inputs versus Poisoned Models\nAbstract:  Abstract. Despite their tremendous success in a range of domains, deep learning systems are inherently susceptible to two types of manipulations: adversarial inputs – maliciously crafted samples that deceive target deep neural network (DNN) models, and poisoned models – adversely forged DNNs that misbehave on pre-defined inputs. While prior work has intensively studied the two attack vectors in parallel, there is still a lack of understanding about their fundamental connections: what are the dynamic interactions between the two attack vectors? what are the implications of such interactions for optimizing existing attacks? what are the potential countermeasures against the enhanced attacks? Answering these key questions is crucial for assessing and mitigating the holistic vulnerabilities of DNNs deployed in realistic settings. Here we take a solid step towards this goal by conducting the first systematic study of the two attack vectors within a unified framework. Specifically, (i) we develop a new attack model that jointly optimizes adversarial inputs and poisoned models; (ii) with both analytical and empirical evidence, we reveal that there exist intriguing “mutual reinforcement” effects between the two attack vectors – leveraging one vector significantly amplifies the effectiveness of the other; (iii) we demonstrate that such effects enable a large design spectrum for the adversary to enhance the existing attacks that exploit both vectors (e.g., backdoor attacks), such as maximizing the attack evasiveness with respect to various detection methods; (iv) finally, we discuss potential countermeasures against such optimized attacks and their technical challenges, pointing to several promising research directions. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"A Tale of Evil Twins: Adversarial Inputs versus Poisoned Models\" does not specifically focus on textual backdoor attacks in NLP tasks. While the paper discusses poisoned models and adversarial inputs within a unified framework and mentions backdoor attacks as part of its broader scope, it does not explicitly address textual backdoor attacks in the context of NLP tasks. The abstract primarily emphasizes the interaction between adversarial inputs and poisoned models in general deep learning systems, without detailing specific applications to NLP or textual data. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query, which specifically seeks studies on textual backdoor attacks in NLP tasks."}
{"input": "User Query: What works provided improvements in diffusion models through various training and sampling techniques?\nTitle: Generative Modeling by Estimating Gradients of the Data Distribution\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce a new generative model where samples are produced via Langevin dynamics using gradients of the data distribution estimated with score matching. Because gradients can be ill-defined and hard to estimate when the data resides on low-dimensional manifolds, we perturb the data with different levels of Gaussian noise, and jointly estimate the corresponding scores, i.e., the vector fields of gradients of the perturbed data distribution for all noise levels. For sampling, we propose an annealed Langevin dynamics where we use gradients corresponding to gradually decreasing noise levels as the sampling process gets closer to the data manifold. Our framework allows flexible model architectures, requires no sampling during training or the use of adversarial methods, and provides a learning objective that can be used for principled model comparisons. Our models produce samples comparable to GANs on MNIST, CelebA and CIFAR-10 datasets, achieving a new state-of-the-art inception score of 8.87 on CIFAR-10. Additionally, we demonstrate that our models learn effective representations via image inpainting experiments. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Generative Modeling by Estimating Gradients of the Data Distribution\" introduces a generative modeling framework based on estimating gradients of the data distribution using score matching and sampling via annealed Langevin dynamics. While the paper discusses techniques for improving sampling and training in the context of score-based generative models, it does not explicitly focus on diffusion models, which are a specific class of generative models that rely on a forward diffusion process and a reverse denoising process. Diffusion models typically involve techniques such as noise scheduling, variance control, and reverse process optimization, which are not directly addressed in this paper. Therefore, while the paper is relevant to generative modeling and sampling techniques, it does not fully satisfy the user's query about improvements in diffusion models."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you give me examples of studies where MPMAB assumes that players do not get any reward when a collision occurs?\nTitle: Heterogeneous Multi-player Multi-armed Bandits: Closing the Gap and GeneralizationTo appear at the 35th Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), 2021.\nAbstract:  Abstract Despite the significant interests and many progresses in decentralized multi-player multi-armed bandits (MP-MAB) problems in recent years, the regret gap to the natural centralized lower bound in the heterogeneous MP-MAB setting remains open. In this paper, we propose BEACON – Batched Exploration with Adaptive COmmunicatioN – that closes this gap. BEACON accomplishes this goal with novel contributions in implicit communication and efficient exploration. For the former, we propose a novel adaptive differential communication (ADC) design that significantly improves the implicit communication efficiency. For the latter, a carefully crafted batched exploration scheme is developed to enable incorporation of the combinatorial upper confidence bound (CUCB) principle. We then generalize the existing linear-reward MP-MAB problems, where the system reward is always the sum of individually collected rewards, to a new MP-MAB problem where the system reward is a general (nonlinear) function of individual rewards. We extend BEACON to solve this problem and prove a logarithmic regret. BEACON bridges the algorithm design and regret analysis of combinatorial MAB (CMAB) and MP-MAB, two largely disjointed areas in MAB, and the results in this paper suggest that this previously ignored connection is worth further investigation. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper \"Heterogeneous Multi-player Multi-armed Bandits: Closing the Gap and Generalization\" does not explicitly state in the abstract that it assumes players do not get any reward when a collision occurs. The focus of the paper is on addressing the regret gap in heterogeneous MP-MAB settings, introducing the BEACON algorithm for efficient exploration and communication, and generalizing the system reward to nonlinear functions. While it discusses implicit communication and efficient exploration, the abstract does not clearly specify the collision model or the reward mechanism in the event of a collision. Therefore, it cannot be concluded from the abstract alone that the study assumes players receive no reward during collisions, as required by the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works that discuss improvements in architectures and scalability of Machine Learning models?\nTitle: The Devil is in the Detail: Simple Tricks Improve Systematic Generalization of Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract Recently, many datasets have been proposed to test the systematic generalization ability of neural networks. The companion baseline Transformers, typically trained with default hyper-parameters from standard tasks, are shown to fail dramatically. Here we demonstrate that by revisiting model configurations as basic as scaling of embeddings, early stopping, relative positional embedding, and Universal Transformer variants, we can drastically improve the performance of Transformers on systematic generalization. We report improvements on five popular datasets: SCAN, CFQ, PCFG, COGS, and Mathematics dataset. Our models improve accuracy from 50% to 85% on the PCFG productivity split, and from 35% to 81% on COGS. On SCAN, relative positional embedding largely mitigates the EOS decision problem (Newman et al., 2020), yielding 100% accuracy on the length split with a cutoff at 26. Importantly, performance differences between these models are typically invisible on the IID data split. This calls for proper generalization validation sets for developing neural networks that generalize systematically. We publicly release the code to reproduce our results111https://github.com/robertcsordas/transformer_generalization. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses improvements in the configuration and performance of Transformers, it focuses on systematic generalization rather than scalability. The improvements mentioned, such as scaling embeddings, early stopping, relative positional embeddings, and Universal Transformer variants, are aimed at enhancing generalization on specific datasets. However, the paper does not explicitly address scalability of machine learning models, which typically involves discussions on handling larger datasets, increasing model size, or improving computational efficiency. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper studied the adaptive adjustment of the clipping threshold of DP-SGD during training?\nTitle: Private Adaptive Gradient Methods for Convex Optimization\nAbstract:  Abstract We study adaptive methods for differentially private convex optimization, proposing and analyzing differentially private variants of a Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) algorithm with adaptive stepsizes, as well as the AdaGrad algorithm. We provide upper bounds on the regret of both algorithms and show that the bounds are (worst-case) optimal. As a consequence of our development, we show that our private versions of AdaGrad outperform adaptive SGD, which in turn outperforms traditional SGD in scenarios with non-isotropic gradients where (non-private) Adagrad provably outperforms SGD. The major challenge is that the isotropic noise typically added for privacy dominates the signal in gradient geometry for high-dimensional problems; approaches to this that effectively optimize over lower-dimensional subspaces simply ignore the actual problems that varying gradient geometries introduce. In contrast, we study non-isotropic clipping and noise addition, developing a principled theoretical approach; the consequent procedures also enjoy significantly stronger empirical performance than prior approaches. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled *\"Private Adaptive Gradient Methods for Convex Optimization\"* primarily focuses on developing and analyzing differentially private variants of adaptive gradient methods, such as adaptive SGD and AdaGrad, for convex optimization. While it discusses non-isotropic clipping and noise addition, the paper does not explicitly study the **adaptive adjustment of the clipping threshold** of DP-SGD during training, which is the specific focus of the user query. The abstract does not mention any mechanism or method for dynamically adjusting the clipping threshold during training, which is a key requirement of the query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works have been proposed for generating pseudo-ground truth labels in motion capture datasets?\nTitle: On Self-Contact and Human Pose\nAbstract:  Abstract People touch their face 23 times an hour, they cross their arms and legs, put their hands on their hips, etc. While many images of people contain some form of self-contact, current 3D human pose and shape (HPS) regression methods typically fail to estimate this contact. To address this, we develop new datasets and methods that significantly improve human pose estimation with self-contact. First, we create a dataset of 3D Contact Poses (3DCP) containing SMPL-X bodies fit to 3D scans as well as poses from AMASS, which we refine to ensure good contact. Second, we leverage this to create the Mimic-The-Pose (MTP) dataset of images, collected via Amazon Mechanical Turk, containing people mimicking the 3DCP poses with self-contact. Third, we develop a novel HPS optimization method, SMPLify-XMC, that includes contact constraints and uses the known 3DCP body pose during fitting to create near ground-truth poses for MTP images. Fourth, for more image variety, we label a dataset of in-the-wild images with Discrete Self-Contact (DSC) information and use another new optimization method, SMPLify-DC, that exploits discrete contacts during pose optimization. Finally, we use our datasets during SPIN training to learn a new 3D human pose regressor, called TUCH (Towards Understanding Contact in Humans). We show that the new self-contact training data significantly improves 3D human pose estimates on withheld test data and existing datasets like 3DPW. Not only does our method improve results for self-contact poses, but it also improves accuracy for non-contact poses. The code and data are available for research purposes at https://tuch.is.tue.mpg.de. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"On Self-Contact and Human Pose\" primarily focuses on improving human pose estimation with self-contact by developing datasets and methods for 3D human pose and shape regression. While it does propose methods (e.g., SMPLify-XMC and SMPLify-DC) to generate near ground-truth poses for specific datasets like MTP images, the primary emphasis is on improving pose estimation accuracy and addressing self-contact scenarios. The paper does not explicitly focus on generating pseudo-ground truth labels for motion capture datasets in a general sense, as required by the user query. Instead, its contributions are more specific to self-contact scenarios and related datasets, which do not fully align with the broader scope of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any methods that incorporate the gradient of the inner loop optimization into the training procedures?\nTitle: Structured Prediction Energy Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce structured prediction energy networks (SPENs), a flexible framework for structured prediction. A deep architecture is used to define an energy function of candidate labels, and then predictions are produced by using back-propagation to iteratively optimize the energy with respect to the labels. This deep architecture captures dependencies between labels that would lead to intractable graphical models, and performs structure learning by automatically learning discriminative features of the structured output. One natural application of our technique is multi-label classification, which traditionally has required strict prior assumptions about the interactions between labels to ensure tractable learning and prediction. We are able to apply SPENs to multi-label problems with substantially larger label sets than previous applications of structured prediction, while modeling high-order interactions using minimal structural assumptions. Overall, deep learning provides remarkable tools for learning features of the inputs to a prediction problem, and this work extends these techniques to learning features of structured outputs. Our experiments provide impressive performance on a variety of benchmark multi-label classification tasks, demonstrate that our technique can be used to provide interpretable structure learning, and illuminate fundamental trade-offs between feed-forward and iterative structured prediction. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Structured Prediction Energy Networks\" introduces a framework for structured prediction that uses a deep architecture to define an energy function for candidate labels and employs back-propagation to optimize the energy with respect to the labels. While the method involves iterative optimization during prediction, there is no explicit mention in the abstract of incorporating the gradient of the inner loop optimization into the training procedures. The focus is on learning discriminative features of structured outputs and optimizing predictions iteratively, but it does not explicitly address the use of inner loop gradients in the training process. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work proves the best-iterate convergence for the same range of ρ as in the best-known result?\nTitle: Solving Nonconvex-Nonconcave Min-Max Problems exhibiting Weak Minty Solutions\nAbstract: We investigate a structured class of nonconvex-nonconcave min-max problems exhibiting so-called \\emph{weak Minty} solutions, a notion which was only recently introduced, but is able to simultaneously capture different generalizations of monotonicity. We prove novel convergence results for a generalized version of the optimistic gradient method (OGDA) in this setting, matching the $1/k$ rate for the best iterate in terms of the squared operator norm recently shown for the extragradient method (EG). In addition we propose an adaptive step size version of EG, which does not require knowledge of the problem parameters.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on proving convergence results for a generalized version of the optimistic gradient method (OGDA) and an adaptive step size version of the extragradient method (EG) in the context of nonconvex-nonconcave min-max problems with weak Minty solutions. While it mentions achieving the same $1/k$ rate for the best iterate in terms of the squared operator norm as the extragradient method, it does not explicitly address proving best-iterate convergence for the same range of $\\rho$ as in the best-known result. The query specifically asks about the range of $\\rho$, which is not discussed or highlighted in the abstract of the searched paper. Thus, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research works are concerned with the efficiency improvement of PGD-AT?\nTitle: Fast is better than free: Revisiting adversarial training\nAbstract:  Abstract Adversarial training, a method for learning robust deep networks, is typically assumed to be more expensive than traditional training due to the necessity of constructing adversarial examples via a first-order method like projected gradient decent (PGD). In this paper, we make the surprising discovery that it is possible to train empirically robust models using a much weaker and cheaper adversary, an approach that was previously believed to be ineffective, rendering the method no more costly than standard training in practice. Specifically, we show that adversarial training with the fast gradient sign method (FGSM), when combined with random initialization, is as effective as PGD-based training but has significantly lower cost. Furthermore we show that FGSM adversarial training can be further accelerated by using standard techniques for efficient training of deep networks, allowing us to learn a robust CIFAR10 classifier with 45% robust accuracy to PGD attacks with ϵ=8/255italic-ϵ8255\\epsilon=8/255 in 6 minutes, and a robust ImageNet classifier with 43% robust accuracy at ϵ=2/255italic-ϵ2255\\epsilon=2/255 in 12 hours, in comparison to past work based on “free” adversarial training which took 10 and 50 hours to reach the same respective thresholds. Finally, we identify a failure mode referred to as “catastrophic overfitting” which may have caused previous attempts to use FGSM adversarial training to fail. All code for reproducing the experiments in this paper as well as pretrained model weights are at https://github.com/locuslab/fast_adversarial. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Fast is better than free: Revisiting adversarial training\" focuses on improving the efficiency of adversarial training by using the Fast Gradient Sign Method (FGSM) combined with random initialization, rather than using Projected Gradient Descent (PGD). While it discusses efficiency improvements in adversarial training, it does not specifically aim to improve the efficiency of PGD-based adversarial training (PGD-AT). Instead, it proposes an alternative to PGD-AT that is more computationally efficient. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user query, which specifically asks about research works concerned with improving the efficiency of PGD-AT."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have proposed augmenting training data with synthetically generated X-rays for self-supervised 2D/3D registration?\nTitle: X-Ray to CT Rigid Registration Using Scene Coordinate Regression\nAbstract:  Abstract Intraoperative fluoroscopy serves as a frequently employed modality in minimally invasive orthopedic surgeries. Aligning the intraoperatively acquired X-Ray image with the preoperatively acquired 3D model of a computed tomography (CT) scan reduces the mental burden on surgeons induced by the overlapping anatomical structures in the acquired images. This paper proposes a fully automatic registration method that is robust to extreme viewpoints and does not require manual annotation of landmark points during training. It is based on a fully convolutional neural network (CNN) that regresses scene coordinates for a given X-Ray image. Scene coordinates are defined as the intersection of the back-projected ray from a pixel toward the 3D model. Training data for a patient-specific model is generated through a realistic simulation of a C-arm device using preoperative CT scans while intraoperative registration is achieved by solving the perspective-n-point (PnP) problem with random sample and consensus (RANSAC) algorithm. Experiments were conducted using a pelvis CT dataset including several real fluoroscopic (X-Ray) images with ground truth annotations. The proposed method achieved an average mean target registration error (mTRE) of 3.79+/1.67 mm in the 50th percentile of the simulated test dataset and projected mTRE of 9.65+/-4.07 mm in the 50th percentile of real fluoroscopic images for pelvis registration. Code is available at https://github.com/Pragyanstha/SCR-Registration. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"X-Ray to CT Rigid Registration Using Scene Coordinate Regression\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses generating training data through realistic simulation of a C-arm device using preoperative CT scans, it does not explicitly propose augmenting training data with synthetically generated X-rays for *self-supervised* 2D/3D registration. The focus of the paper is on a fully automatic registration method using scene coordinate regression and solving the perspective-n-point problem, rather than explicitly addressing the use of synthetic X-rays for self-supervised learning. The user query specifically asks for works that propose augmenting training data with synthetically generated X-rays in the context of self-supervised 2D/3D registration, which is not the primary focus or contribution of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works regarding the usage of LLMs to evaluate responses that align with specific personas?\nTitle: Faithful Persona-based Conversational Dataset Generation with Large Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract High-quality conversational datasets are essential for developing AI models that can communicate with users. One way to foster deeper interactions between a chatbot and its user is through personas, aspects of the user’s character that provide insights into their personality, motivations, and behaviors. Training Natural Language Processing (NLP) models on a diverse and comprehensive persona-based dataset can lead to conversational models that create a deeper connection with the user, and maintain their engagement. In this paper, we leverage the power of Large Language Models (LLMs) to create a large, high-quality conversational dataset from a seed dataset. We propose a Generator-Critic architecture framework to expand the initial dataset, while improving the quality of its conversations. The Generator is an LLM prompted to output conversations. The Critic consists of a mixture of expert LLMs that control the quality of the generated conversations. These experts select the best generated conversations, which we then use to improve the Generator. We release Synthetic-Persona-Chat111Dataset available at https://github.com/google-research-datasets/Synthetic-Persona-Chat, consisting of 20k conversations seeded from Persona-Chat Zhang et al. (2018). We evaluate the quality of Synthetic-Persona-Chat and our generation framework on different dimensions through extensive experiments, and observe that the losing rate of Synthetic-Persona-Chat against Persona-Chat during Turing test decreases from 17.2%percent17.217.2\\% to 8.8%percent8.88.8\\% over three iterations. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses the use of Large Language Models (LLMs) in generating and improving persona-based conversational datasets, it does not focus on using LLMs specifically to evaluate responses for alignment with specific personas. The paper primarily emphasizes the creation of a high-quality conversational dataset using a Generator-Critic framework, where the Critic (a mixture of expert LLMs) evaluates and selects the best-generated conversations to improve the dataset. However, this evaluation is centered on the quality of conversations rather than explicitly assessing whether responses align with specific personas. The user query specifically asks for works on using LLMs to evaluate persona alignment, which is not the primary focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers proposed various training schemes to overcome drawbacks of Class Activation Map (CAM) in weakly supervised semantic segmentation?\nTitle: Revisiting Dilated Convolution: A Simple Approach for Weakly- and Semi- Supervised Semantic Segmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract Despite the remarkable progress, weakly supervised segmentation approaches are still inferior to their fully supervised counterparts. We obverse the performance gap mainly comes from their limitation on learning to produce high-quality dense object localization maps from image-level supervision. To mitigate such a gap, we revisit the dilated convolution [1] and reveal how it can be utilized in a novel way to effectively overcome this critical limitation of weakly supervised segmentation approaches. Specifically, we find that varying dilation rates can effectively enlarge the receptive fields of convolutional kernels and more importantly transfer the surrounding discriminative information to non-discriminative object regions, promoting the emergence of these regions in the object localization maps. Then, we design a generic classification network equipped with convolutional blocks of different dilated rates. It can produce dense and reliable object localization maps and effectively benefit both weakly- and semi- supervised semantic segmentation. Despite the apparent simplicity, our proposed approach obtains superior performance over state-of-the-arts. In particular, it achieves 60.8% and 67.6% mIoU scores on Pascal VOC 2012 test set in weakly- (only image-level labels are available) and semi- (1,464 segmentation masks are available) supervised settings, which are the new state-of-the-arts. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:**  \nThe searched paper primarily focuses on revisiting dilated convolutions and utilizing varying dilation rates to improve object localization maps for weakly- and semi-supervised semantic segmentation. While it addresses the limitations of weakly supervised approaches, it does not explicitly propose a training scheme to overcome the specific drawbacks of Class Activation Maps (CAM). Instead, the paper emphasizes the use of architectural modifications (e.g., varying dilation rates) to enhance object localization. The user query specifically asks for papers that propose training schemes to address CAM drawbacks, which this paper does not directly satisfy."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies involve the identification-based strategy in PLL algorithms?\nTitle: Partial Label Learning with Self-Guided Retraining\nAbstract:  Abstract Partial label learning deals with the problem where each training instance is assigned a set of candidate labels, only one of which is correct. This paper provides the first attempt to leverage the idea of self-training for dealing with partially labeled examples. Specifically, we propose a unified formulation with proper constraints to train the desired model and perform pseudo-labeling jointly. For pseudo-labeling, unlike traditional self-training that manually differentiates the ground-truth label with enough high confidence, we introduce the maximum infinity norm regularization on the modeling outputs to automatically achieve this consideratum, which results in a convex-concave optimization problem. We show that optimizing this convex-concave problem is equivalent to solving a set of quadratic programming (QP) problems. By proposing an upper-bound surrogate objective function, we turn to solving only one QP problem for improving the optimization efficiency. Extensive experiments on synthesized and real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art partial label learning approaches. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Partial Label Learning with Self-Guided Retraining\" focuses on leveraging self-training and pseudo-labeling strategies for partial label learning (PLL). While it introduces techniques such as maximum infinity norm regularization and optimization through quadratic programming, there is no explicit mention or indication of an \"identification-based strategy\" in PLL algorithms. The identification-based strategy typically refers to methods that explicitly identify the correct label among the candidate labels during the learning process. The paper's abstract does not provide evidence that such a strategy is employed, as it primarily emphasizes self-guided retraining and pseudo-labeling rather than label identification. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works gave an evidence about the usefulness of polarization in aiding multi-view stereo depth?\nTitle: Depth from a polarisation + RGB stereo pair\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper, we propose a hybrid depth imaging system in which a polarisation camera is augmented by a second image from a standard digital camera. For this modest increase in equipment complexity over conventional shape-from-polarisation, we obtain a number of benefits that enable us to overcome longstanding problems with the polarisation shape cue. The stereo cue provides a depth map which, although coarse, is metrically accurate. This is used as a guide surface for disambiguation of the polarisation surface normal estimates using a higher order graphical model. In turn, these are used to estimate diffuse albedo. By extending a previous shape-from-polarisation method to the perspective case, we show how to compute dense, detailed maps of absolute depth, while retaining a linear formulation. We show that our hybrid method is able to recover dense 3D geometry that is superior to state-of-the-art shape-from-polarisation or two view stereo alone. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Depth from a polarisation + RGB stereo pair\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper demonstrates the usefulness of polarization in improving depth estimation by combining polarization information with a stereo pair (RGB and polarization camera), it does not specifically address or provide evidence about the usefulness of polarization in aiding **multi-view stereo depth**. The focus of the paper is on a hybrid system involving a polarization camera and a single additional RGB camera (a two-view setup), rather than a multi-view stereo system. Therefore, it does not directly address the query's emphasis on multi-view stereo depth."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some research papers in the category of methods that employ specially designed attention masks?\nTitle: A Survey of Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract. Transformers have achieved great success in many artificial intelligence fields, such as natural language processing, computer vision, and audio processing. Therefore, it is natural to attract lots of interest from academic and industry researchers. Up to the present, a great variety of Transformer variants (a.k.a. X-formers) have been proposed, however, a systematic and comprehensive literature review on these Transformer variants is still missing. In this survey, we provide a comprehensive review of various X-formers. We first briefly introduce the vanilla Transformer and then propose a new taxonomy of X-formers. Next, we introduce the various X-formers from three perspectives: architectural modification, pre-training, and applications. Finally, we outline some potential directions for future research. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"A Survey of Transformers,\" is a survey paper that provides a comprehensive review of various Transformer variants (X-formers) and categorizes them based on architectural modifications, pre-training, and applications. However, it does not specifically focus on methods that employ specially designed attention masks. While it may mention some methods involving attention mechanisms as part of its broader review, the paper's primary purpose is to provide a general overview of Transformer variants rather than focusing on the specific topic of specially designed attention masks. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which simulator tools are often used for simulating LiDAR data?\nTitle: AirSim: High-Fidelity Visual and Physical Simulation for Autonomous Vehicles\nAbstract:  Abstract Developing and testing algorithms for autonomous vehicles in real world is an expensive and time consuming process. Also, in order to utilize recent advances in machine intelligence and deep learning we need to collect a large amount of annotated training data in a variety of conditions and environments. We present a new simulator built on Unreal Engine that offers physically and visually realistic simulations for both of these goals. Our simulator includes a physics engine that can operate at a high frequency for real-time hardware-in-the-loop (HITL) simulations with support for popular protocols (e.g. MavLink). The simulator is designed from the ground up to be extensible to accommodate new types of vehicles, hardware platforms and software protocols. In addition, the modular design enables various components to be easily usable independently in other projects. We demonstrate the simulator by first implementing a quadrotor as an autonomous vehicle and then experimentally comparing the software components with real-world flights. ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: While the paper discusses AirSim, a high-fidelity simulator for autonomous vehicles, and highlights its capabilities for visually and physically realistic simulations, it does not explicitly mention or focus on simulating LiDAR data. The user query specifically asks about simulator tools used for simulating LiDAR data, and the paper does not provide sufficient detail or evidence that AirSim is used or optimized for LiDAR simulation. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers focus on features extracted by CLIP to enhance the capability of few-shot learning?\nTitle: Learning to Prompt for Vision-Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Large pre-trained vision-language models like CLIP have shown great potential in learning representations that are transferable across a wide range of downstream tasks. Different from the traditional representation learning that is based mostly on discretized labels, vision-language pre-training aligns images and texts in a common feature space, which allows zero-shot transfer to a downstream task via prompting, i.e., classification weights are synthesized from natural language describing classes of interest. In this work, we show that a major challenge for deploying such models in practice is prompt engineering, which requires domain expertise and is extremely time-consuming—one needs to spend a significant amount of time on words tuning since a slight change in wording could have a huge impact on performance. Inspired by recent advances in prompt learning research in natural language processing (NLP), we propose Context Optimization (CoOp), a simple approach specifically for adapting CLIP-like vision-language models for downstream image recognition. Concretely, CoOp models a prompt’s context words with learnable vectors while the entire pre-trained parameters are kept fixed. To handle different image recognition tasks, we provide two implementations of CoOp: unified context and class-specific context. Through extensive experiments on 11 datasets, we demonstrate that CoOp requires as few as one or two shots to beat hand-crafted prompts with a decent margin and is able to gain significant improvements over prompt engineering with more shots, e.g., with 16 shots the average gain is around 15% (with the highest reaching over 45%). Despite being a learning-based approach, CoOp achieves superb domain generalization performance compared with the zero-shot model using hand-crafted prompts. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Learning to Prompt for Vision-Language Models\" discusses leveraging CLIP for downstream tasks and proposes a method (CoOp) to optimize prompts for image recognition, it primarily focuses on improving prompt engineering and adapting CLIP's vision-language capabilities for better performance. The paper does not explicitly focus on the features extracted by CLIP or analyze how these features enhance the capability of few-shot learning. Instead, it centers on prompt learning and optimization strategies, which are tangential to the user's specific query about features extracted by CLIP."}
{"input": "User Query: Which study obtained the same convergence rate for the smooth policies with projections?\nTitle: On the Theory of Policy Gradient Methods: Optimality, Approximation, and Distribution Shift\nAbstract:  Abstract Policy gradient methods are among the most effective methods in challenging reinforcement learning problems with large state and/or action spaces. However, little is known about even their most basic theoretical convergence properties, including: if and how fast they converge to a globally optimal solution or how they cope with approximation error due to using a restricted class of parametric policies. This work provides provable characterizations of the computational, approximation, and sample size properties of policy gradient methods in the context of discounted Markov Decision Processes (MDPs). We focus on both: “tabular” policy parameterizations, where the optimal policy is contained in the class and where we show global convergence to the optimal policy; and parametric policy classes (considering both log-linear and neural policy classes), which may not contain the optimal policy and where we provide agnostic learning results. One central contribution of this work is in providing approximation guarantees that are average case — which avoid explicit worst-case dependencies on the size of state space — by making a formal connection to supervised learning under distribution shift. This characterization shows an important interplay between estimation error, approximation error, and exploration (as characterized through a precisely defined condition number). ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The searched paper, \"On the Theory of Policy Gradient Methods: Optimality, Approximation, and Distribution Shift,\" primarily focuses on the theoretical convergence properties of policy gradient methods in reinforcement learning, including their computational, approximation, and sample size properties. While it discusses global convergence for tabular policies and provides results for parametric policy classes, it does not explicitly address the specific topic of obtaining the same convergence rate for smooth policies with projections. The user query specifically seeks a study that investigates this particular aspect, which is not explicitly covered in the abstract of the searched paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies have found the success of in-context learning mostly depends on training distribution, prompt text structure, and label examples?\nTitle: Data Distributional Properties Drive Emergent In-Context Learning in Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract Large transformer-based models are able to perform in-context few-shot learning, without being explicitly trained for it. This observation raises the question: what aspects of the training regime lead to this emergent behavior? Here, we show that this behavior is driven by the distributions of the training data itself. In-context learning emerges when the training data exhibits particular distributional properties such as burstiness (items appear in clusters rather than being uniformly distributed over time) and having large numbers of rarely occurring classes. In-context learning also emerges more strongly when item meanings or interpretations are dynamic rather than fixed. These properties are exemplified by natural language, but are also inherent to naturalistic data in a wide range of other domains. They also depart significantly from the uniform, i.i.d. training distributions typically used for standard supervised learning. In our initial experiments, we found that in-context learning traded off against more conventional weight-based learning, and models were unable to achieve both simultaneously. However, our later experiments uncovered that the two modes of learning could co-exist in a single model when it was trained on data following a skewed Zipfian distribution – another common property of naturalistic data, including language. In further experiments, we found that naturalistic data distributions were only able to elicit in-context learning in transformers, and not in recurrent models. In sum, our findings indicate how the transformer architecture works together with particular properties of the training data to drive the intriguing emergent in-context learning behaviour of large language models, and how future work might encourage both in-context and in-weights learning in domains beyond language.111Code is available at: https://github.com/deepmind/emergent_in_context_learning ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled *\"Data Distributional Properties Drive Emergent In-Context Learning in Transformers\"* provides valuable insights into how training data distribution impacts in-context learning, it does not fully address all aspects of the user query. Specifically, the paper focuses on the role of **training data distribution** (e.g., burstiness, Zipfian distribution, and dynamic interpretations) in driving in-context learning. However, it does not explore the impact of **prompt text structure** or **label examples** on the success of in-context learning. Since the user query explicitly asks for studies that consider all three factors—training distribution, prompt text structure, and label examples—the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works about gradient approximation in large-scale distributed training?\nTitle: Just Pick a Sign: Optimizing Deep Multitask Models with Gradient Sign Dropout\nAbstract:  Abstract The vast majority of deep models use multiple gradient signals, typically corresponding to a sum of multiple loss terms, to update a shared set of trainable weights. However, these multiple updates can impede optimal training by pulling the model in conflicting directions. We present Gradient Sign Dropout (GradDrop), a probabilistic masking procedure which samples gradients at an activation layer based on their level of consistency. GradDrop is implemented as a simple deep layer that can be used in any deep net and synergizes with other gradient balancing approaches. We show that GradDrop outperforms the state-of-the-art multiloss methods within traditional multitask and transfer learning settings, and we discuss how GradDrop reveals links between optimal multiloss training and gradient stochasticity. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper titled \"Just Pick a Sign: Optimizing Deep Multitask Models with Gradient Sign Dropout\" primarily focuses on improving multitask learning by addressing gradient conflicts through a probabilistic masking procedure called Gradient Sign Dropout (GradDrop). While it discusses gradient manipulation and stochasticity, the paper does not specifically address gradient approximation techniques in the context of **large-scale distributed training**, which is the core requirement of the user query. The paper's focus is on multitask and transfer learning rather than distributed training systems or gradient approximation methods tailored for large-scale distributed environments."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you list studies that used prototype-based methods in few-shot class incremental learning?\nTitle: Constrained Few-shot Class-incremental Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Continually learning new classes from fresh data without forgetting previous knowledge of old classes is a very challenging research problem. Moreover, it is imperative that such learning must respect certain memory and computational constraints such as (i) training samples are limited to only a few per class, (ii) the computational cost of learning a novel class remains constant, and (iii) the memory footprint of the model grows at most linearly with the number of classes observed. To meet the above constraints, we propose C-FSCIL, which is architecturally composed of a frozen meta-learned feature extractor, a trainable fixed-size fully connected layer, and a rewritable dynamically growing memory that stores as many vectors as the number of encountered classes. C-FSCIL provides three update modes that offer a trade-off between accuracy and compute-memory cost of learning novel classes. C-FSCIL exploits hyperdimensional embedding that allows to continually express many more classes than the fixed dimensions in the vector space, with minimal interference. The quality of class vector representations is further improved by aligning them quasi-orthogonally to each other by means of novel loss functions. Experiments on the CIFAR100, miniImageNet, and Omniglot datasets show that C-FSCIL outperforms the baselines with remarkable accuracy and compression. It also scales up to the largest problem size ever tried in this few-shot setting by learning 423 novel classes on top of 1200 base classes with less than 1.6% accuracy drop. Our code is available at https://github.com/IBM/constrained-FSCIL. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Constrained Few-shot Class-incremental Learning\" addresses few-shot class-incremental learning, it does not explicitly mention the use of prototype-based methods. Instead, it focuses on a dynamically growing memory, hyperdimensional embeddings, and novel loss functions to align class vector representations quasi-orthogonally. Prototype-based methods typically involve representing each class with a prototype (e.g., a centroid or mean feature vector) and using these prototypes for classification or incremental learning. The abstract does not provide evidence that such prototype-based methods are employed in this study."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies that converted the approximation of Shapley values to a weighted least squares problem?\nTitle: A Unified Approach to Interpreting Model Predictions\nAbstract:  Abstract Understanding why a model makes a certain prediction can be as crucial as the prediction’s accuracy in many applications. However, the highest accuracy for large modern datasets is often achieved by complex models that even experts struggle to interpret, such as ensemble or deep learning models, creating a tension between accuracy and interpretability. In response, various methods have recently been proposed to help users interpret the predictions of complex models, but it is often unclear how these methods are related and when one method is preferable over another. To address this problem, we present a unified framework for interpreting predictions, SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations). SHAP assigns each feature an importance value for a particular prediction. Its novel components include: (1) the identification of a new class of additive feature importance measures, and (2) theoretical results showing there is a unique solution in this class with a set of desirable properties. The new class unifies six existing methods, notable because several recent methods in the class lack the proposed desirable properties. Based on insights from this unification, we present new methods that show improved computational performance and/or better consistency with human intuition than previous approaches. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"A Unified Approach to Interpreting Model Predictions\" introduces SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations), a unified framework for interpreting model predictions. While the paper discusses Shapley values and their importance in interpreting predictions, it does not explicitly focus on converting the approximation of Shapley values to a weighted least squares problem. The abstract emphasizes the unification of various methods for feature importance and the development of new methods with desirable properties, but it does not mention or address the specific conversion of Shapley value approximation into a weighted least squares problem. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: In which works are patches extracted from the image used in image-based pretext tasks?\nTitle: Context Encoders: Feature Learning by Inpainting\nAbstract:  Abstract We present an unsupervised visual feature learning algorithm driven by context-based pixel prediction. By analogy with auto-encoders, we propose Context Encoders – a convolutional neural network trained to generate the contents of an arbitrary image region conditioned on its surroundings. In order to succeed at this task, context encoders need to both understand the content of the entire image, as well as produce a plausible hypothesis for the missing part(s). When training context encoders, we have experimented with both a standard pixel-wise reconstruction loss, as well as a reconstruction plus an adversarial loss. The latter produces much sharper results because it can better handle multiple modes in the output. We found that a context encoder learns a representation that captures not just appearance but also the semantics of visual structures. We quantitatively demonstrate the effectiveness of our learned features for CNN pre-training on classification, detection, and segmentation tasks. Furthermore, context encoders can be used for semantic inpainting tasks, either stand-alone or as initialization for non-parametric methods. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Context Encoders: Feature Learning by Inpainting\" does not explicitly describe the use of patches extracted from the image as part of the pretext task. Instead, the method involves masking arbitrary regions of an image and training a neural network to predict the missing content based on the surrounding context. While this involves manipulating parts of the image, it does not involve explicitly extracting patches as separate units for processing or learning, which is the focus of the user query. The query specifically asks about works where patches are extracted from the image for image-based pretext tasks, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies represent affordances as contact maps for grasping?\nTitle: Learning Task-Oriented Grasping from Human Activity Datasets\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose to leverage a real-world, human activity RGB dataset to teach a robot Task-Oriented Grasping (TOG). We develop a model that takes as input an RGB image and outputs a hand pose and configuration as well as an object pose and a shape. We follow the insight that jointly estimating hand and object poses increases accuracy compared to estimating these quantities independently of each other. Given the trained model, we process an RGB dataset to automatically obtain the data to train a TOG model. This model takes as input an object point cloud and outputs a suitable region for task-specific grasping. Our ablation study shows that training an object pose predictor with the hand pose information (and vice versa) is better than training without this information. Furthermore, our results on a real-world dataset show the applicability and competitiveness of our method over state-of-the-art. Experiments with a robot demonstrate that our method can allow a robot to preform TOG on novel objects. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Learning Task-Oriented Grasping from Human Activity Datasets\" does not explicitly address the representation of affordances as contact maps for grasping. While the paper focuses on task-oriented grasping (TOG) and involves predicting hand and object poses, as well as identifying suitable regions for task-specific grasping, it does not describe affordances in the specific form of contact maps. The concept of affordances as contact maps typically involves detailed spatial representations of where and how an object can be grasped, often focusing on the interaction points between the hand and the object. The paper instead emphasizes leveraging RGB datasets and point clouds for task-specific grasping, without explicitly framing the problem in terms of affordance contact maps."}
{"input": "User Query: Any works on neural network-based video compression algorithms?\nTitle: Neural Network-Based Arithmetic Coding of Intra Prediction Modes in HEVC\nAbstract:  Abstract In both H.264 and HEVC, context-adaptive binary arithmetic coding (CABAC) is adopted as the entropy coding method. CABAC relies on manually designed binarization processes as well as handcrafted context models, which may restrict the compression efficiency. In this paper, we propose an arithmetic coding strategy by training neural networks, and make preliminary studies on coding of the intra prediction modes in HEVC. Instead of binarization, we propose to directly estimate the probability distribution of the 35 intra prediction modes with the adoption of a multi-level arithmetic codec. Instead of handcrafted context models, we utilize convolutional neural network (CNN) to perform the probability estimation. Simulation results show that our proposed arithmetic coding leads to as high as 9.9% bits saving compared with CABAC. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on neural network-based arithmetic coding of intra prediction modes in HEVC, which is a specific aspect of video compression (entropy coding). While it does utilize neural networks, the scope of the work is limited to improving the arithmetic coding process rather than addressing a broader neural network-based video compression algorithm. The user query seeks works on neural network-based video compression algorithms as a whole, which typically involve end-to-end compression frameworks or neural network-based solutions for multiple stages of video compression (e.g., prediction, transformation, quantization, and entropy coding). This paper does not fully satisfy the broader requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the recent advancements in reinforcement learning environments since 2021?\nTitle: Human-Timescale Adaptation in an Open-Ended Task Space\nAbstract:  Abstract Foundation models have shown impressive adaptation and scalability in supervised and self-supervised learning problems, but so far these successes have not fully translated to reinforcement learning (RL). In this work, we demonstrate that training an RL agent at scale leads to a general in-context learning algorithm that can adapt to open-ended novel embodied 3D problems as quickly as humans. In a vast space of held-out environment dynamics, our adaptive agent (AdA) displays on-the-fly hypothesis-driven exploration, efficient exploitation of acquired knowledge, and can successfully be prompted with first-person demonstrations. Adaptation emerges from three ingredients: (1) meta-reinforcement learning across a vast, smooth and diverse task distribution, (2) a policy parameterised as a large-scale attention-based memory architecture, and (3) an effective automated curriculum that prioritises tasks at the frontier of an agent’s capabilities. We demonstrate characteristic scaling laws with respect to network size, memory length, and richness of the training task distribution. We believe our results lay the foundation for increasingly general and adaptive RL agents that perform well across ever-larger open-ended domains. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper primarily focuses on advancements in reinforcement learning (RL) agents, particularly the development of an adaptive RL agent capable of human-timescale adaptation in open-ended 3D task spaces. While it discusses the agent's ability to adapt to diverse environments and tasks, the emphasis is on the agent's architecture, training methodology, and scaling laws rather than on advancements in RL environments themselves. The user query specifically seeks information about advancements in RL environments since 2021, which would involve innovations or improvements in the design, diversity, or complexity of the environments used for RL research. The paper does not directly address this aspect, as its focus is on the agent's capabilities and training rather than the environments themselves."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works used continuous learnable RPEs represented as an MLP?\nTitle: Point Transformer\nAbstract:  Abstract In this work, we present Point Transformer, a deep neural network that operates directly on unordered and unstructured point sets. We design Point Transformer to extract local and global features and relate both representations by introducing the local-global attention mechanism, which aims to capture spatial point relations and shape information. For that purpose, we propose SortNet, as part of the Point Transformer, which induces input permutation invariance by selecting points based on a learned score. The output of Point Transformer is a sorted and permutation invariant feature list that can directly be incorporated into common computer vision applications. We evaluate our approach on standard classification and part segmentation benchmarks to demonstrate competitive results compared to the prior work. Code is publicly available at: https://github.com/engelnico/point-transformer ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: The paper \"Point Transformer\" does not explicitly mention the use of continuous learnable relative positional encodings (RPEs) represented as a multilayer perceptron (MLP). The abstract focuses on the introduction of the Point Transformer architecture, which operates on point sets and incorporates local-global attention mechanisms and permutation invariance through SortNet. However, there is no indication in the abstract that the work involves continuous learnable RPEs or their representation as an MLP. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works utilized a hybrid training approach on both image and video datasets?\nTitle: VideoFactory: Swap Attention in Spatiotemporal Diffusions for Text-to-Video Generation\nAbstract:  Abstract We present VideoFactory, an innovative framework for generating high-quality open-domain videos. VideoFactory excels in producing high-definition (1376×\\times768), widescreen (16:9) videos without watermarks, creating an engaging user experience. Generating videos guided by text instructions poses significant challenges, such as modeling the complex relationship between space and time, and the lack of large-scale text-video paired data. Previous approaches extend pretrained text-to-image generation models by adding temporal 1D convolution/attention modules for video generation. However, these approaches overlook the importance of jointly modeling space and time, inevitably leading to temporal distortions and misalignment between texts and videos. In this paper, we propose a novel approach that strengthens the interaction between spatial and temporal perceptions. In particular, we utilize a swapped cross-attention mechanism in 3D windows that alternates the “query” role between spatial and temporal blocks, enabling mutual reinforcement for each other. To fully unlock model capabilities for high-quality video generation, we curate a large-scale video dataset called HD-VG-130M. This dataset comprises 130 million text-video pairs from the open-domain, ensuring high-definition, widescreen and watermark-free characters. Objective metrics and user studies demonstrate the superiority of our approach in terms of per-frame quality, temporal correlation, and text-video alignment, with clear margins.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"VideoFactory: Swap Attention in Spatiotemporal Diffusions for Text-to-Video Generation\" does not explicitly mention utilizing a hybrid training approach on both image and video datasets. Instead, the paper focuses on generating high-quality videos using a novel swapped cross-attention mechanism and a large-scale video dataset (HD-VG-130M) comprising 130 million text-video pairs. While it discusses extending text-to-image generation models for video generation, it does not provide evidence or details of training on both image and video datasets in a hybrid manner. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the studies using Transformer in sequence-to-sequence modeling for land-cover mapping?\nTitle: TransUNet: Transformers Make Strong Encoders for Medical Image Segmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract Medical image segmentation is an essential prerequisite for developing healthcare systems, especially for disease diagnosis and treatment planning. On various medical image segmentation tasks, the u-shaped architecture, also known as U-Net, has become the de-facto standard and achieved tremendous success. However, due to the intrinsic locality of convolution operations, U-Net generally demonstrates limitations in explicitly modeling long-range dependency. Transformers, designed for sequence-to-sequence prediction, have emerged as alternative architectures with innate global self-attention mechanisms, but can result in limited localization abilities due to insufficient low-level details. In this paper, we propose TransUNet, which merits both Transformers and U-Net, as a strong alternative for medical image segmentation. On one hand, the Transformer encodes tokenized image patches from a convolution neural network (CNN) feature map as the input sequence for extracting global contexts. On the other hand, the decoder upsamples the encoded features which are then combined with the high-resolution CNN feature maps to enable precise localization. We argue that Transformers can serve as strong encoders for medical image segmentation tasks, with the combination of U-Net to enhance finer details by recovering localized spatial information. TransUNet achieves superior performances to various competing methods on different medical applications including multi-organ segmentation and cardiac segmentation. Code and models are available at https://github.com/Beckschen/TransUNet. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"TransUNet: Transformers Make Strong Encoders for Medical Image Segmentation,\" focuses on the use of Transformers in combination with U-Net for medical image segmentation tasks, such as multi-organ and cardiac segmentation. While the paper discusses the use of Transformers for sequence-to-sequence modeling, its application domain is strictly within medical image segmentation, not land-cover mapping. The user query specifically asks for studies using Transformers in sequence-to-sequence modeling for land-cover mapping, which involves geospatial or remote sensing data. Since the paper does not address land-cover mapping, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you point me to a piece of research that discusses properties of the selected solutions for a given initialization in an over-parameterized setting?\nTitle: In Search of the Real Inductive Bias: On the Role of Implicit Regularization in Deep Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract We present experiments demonstrating that some other form of capacity control, different from network size, plays a central role in learning multi-layer feed-forward networks. We argue, partially through analogy to matrix factorization, that this is an inductive bias that can help shed light on deep learning. ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: The searched paper, \"In Search of the Real Inductive Bias: On the Role of Implicit Regularization in Deep Learning,\" focuses on the role of implicit regularization and capacity control in deep learning, particularly in multi-layer feed-forward networks. While it explores inductive biases and their impact on learning, the abstract does not explicitly indicate that the paper discusses the **properties of the selected solutions for a given initialization** in an **over-parameterized setting**. The user query specifically asks for research that examines the relationship between initialization and the properties of solutions in such a setting, which is not clearly addressed in the abstract of the searched paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works addressed finite sample complexity in the training of RAEs?\nTitle: Benefits of Jointly Training Autoencoders: An Improved Neural Tangent Kernel Analysis\nAbstract:  Abstract A remarkable recent discovery in machine learning has been that deep neural networks can achieve impressive performance (in terms of both lower training error and higher generalization capacity) in the regime where they are massively over-parameterized. Consequently, over the past year, the community has devoted growing interest in analyzing optimization and generalization properties of over-parameterized networks, and several breakthrough works have led to important theoretical progress. However, the majority of existing work only applies to supervised learning scenarios and hence are limited to settings such as classification and regression. In contrast, the role of over-parameterization in the unsupervised setting has gained far less attention. In this paper, we study the inductive bias of gradient descent for two-layer over-parameterized autoencoders with ReLU activation. We first provide theoretical evidence for the memorization phenomena observed in recent work using the property that infinitely wide neural networks under gradient descent evolve as linear models. We also analyze the gradient dynamics of the autoencoders in the finite-width setting. We make very few assumptions about the given training dataset (other than mild non-degeneracy conditions). Starting from a randomly initialized autoencoder network, we rigorously prove the linear convergence of gradient descent in two learning regimes, namely:   1.  the weakly-trained regime where only the encoder is trained, and    2.  the jointly-trained regime where both the encoder and the decoder are trained.    Our results indicate the considerable benefits of joint training over weak training for finding global optima, achieving a dramatic decrease in the required level of over-parameterization. We also analyze the case of weight-tied autoencoders (which is a commonly used architectural choice in practical settings) and prove that in the over-parameterized setting, training such networks from randomly initialized points leads to certain unexpected degeneracies. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on analyzing the optimization and generalization properties of over-parameterized autoencoders, particularly in the context of gradient descent dynamics and the benefits of joint training. While it does analyze the finite-width (finite parameter) setting of autoencoders, the paper does not explicitly address the finite sample complexity in the training of Regularized Autoencoders (RAEs), as required by the user query. The paper primarily investigates the inductive bias, convergence, and over-parameterization effects in autoencoders, without delving into the specific topic of finite sample complexity or the training of RAEs."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies that improve training signals for scaling in object-centric learning?\nTitle: Illiterate DALL-E Learns to Compose\nAbstract:  Abstract Although DALL⋅⋅\\cdotE has shown an impressive ability of composition-based systematic generalization in image generation, it requires the dataset of text-image pairs and the compositionality is provided by the text. In contrast, object-centric representation models like the Slot Attention model learn composable representations without the text prompt. However, unlike DALL⋅⋅\\cdotE its ability to systematically generalize for zero-shot generation is significantly limited. In this paper, we propose a simple but novel slot-based autoencoding architecture, called SLATE111The implementation is available at https://github.com/singhgautam/slate., for combining the best of both worlds: learning object-centric representations that allows systematic generalization in zero-shot image generation without text. As such, this model can also be seen as an illiterate DALL⋅⋅\\cdotE model. Unlike the pixel-mixture decoders of existing object-centric representation models, we propose to use the Image GPT decoder conditioned on the slots for capturing complex interactions among the slots and pixels. In experiments, we show that this simple and easy-to-implement architecture not requiring a text prompt achieves significant improvement in in-distribution and out-of-distribution (zero-shot) image generation and qualitatively comparable or better slot-attention structure than the models based on mixture decoders. https://sites.google.com/view/slate-autoencoder ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: While the paper \"Illiterate DALL-E Learns to Compose\" introduces a novel slot-based autoencoding architecture (SLATE) and demonstrates improvements in object-centric representations for zero-shot image generation, it does not explicitly focus on improving *training signals for scaling* in object-centric learning. The paper primarily emphasizes the architectural innovation (using an Image GPT decoder conditioned on slots) and its impact on systematic generalization and image generation quality. However, it does not directly address methods or studies aimed at enhancing or scaling the *training signals* themselves in object-centric learning, which is the core requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers offer methods to handle Multivariate Irregularly Sampled Time Series (MISTS)?\nTitle: A Transformer-based Framework for Multivariate Time Series Representation Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract In this work we propose for the first time a transformer-based framework for unsupervised representation learning of multivariate time series. Pre-trained models can be potentially used for downstream tasks such as regression and classification, forecasting and missing value imputation. By evaluating our models on several benchmark datasets for multivariate time series regression and classification, we show that our modeling approach represents the most successful method employing unsupervised learning of multivariate time series presented to date; it is also the first unsupervised approach shown to exceed the current state-of-the-art performance of supervised methods. It does so by a significant margin, even when the number of training samples is very limited, while offering computational efficiency. Finally, we demonstrate that unsupervised pre-training of our transformer models offers a substantial performance benefit over fully supervised learning, even without leveraging additional unlabeled data, i.e., by reusing the same data samples through the unsupervised objective. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper proposes a transformer-based framework for unsupervised representation learning of multivariate time series, the abstract does not explicitly mention handling *irregularly sampled* time series. The focus is on multivariate time series in general, with applications to tasks such as regression, classification, forecasting, and missing value imputation. However, there is no indication that the proposed method specifically addresses the challenges associated with irregular sampling in time series data, which is a key requirement of the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some references about parametric human mesh recovery methods that use statistical models?\nTitle: Implicit 3D Human Mesh Recovery using Consistency with Pose and Shape from Unseen-view\nAbstract:  Abstract From an image of a person, we can easily infer the natural 3D pose and shape of the person even if ambiguity exists. This is because we have a mental model that allows us to imagine a person’s appearance at different viewing directions from a given image and utilize the consistency between them for inference. However, existing human mesh recovery methods only consider the direction in which the image was taken due to their structural limitations. Hence, we propose “Implicit 3D Human Mesh Recovery (ImpHMR)” that can implicitly imagine a person in 3D space at the feature-level via Neural Feature Fields. In ImpHMR, feature fields are generated by CNN-based image encoder for a given image. Then, the 2D feature map is volume-rendered from the feature field for a given viewing direction, and the pose and shape parameters are regressed from the feature. To utilize consistency with pose and shape from unseen-view, if there are 3D labels, the model predicts results including the silhouette from an arbitrary direction and makes it equal to the rotated ground-truth. In the case of only 2D labels, we perform self-supervised learning through the constraint that the pose and shape parameters inferred from different directions should be the same. Extensive evaluations show the efficacy of the proposed method. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Implicit 3D Human Mesh Recovery using Consistency with Pose and Shape from Unseen-view,\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses a method for 3D human mesh recovery and mentions pose and shape parameters, it does not explicitly state the use of statistical models for parametric human mesh recovery. Instead, the method relies on Neural Feature Fields and volume rendering techniques for implicit 3D representation and self-supervised learning. The user query specifically asks for references about parametric methods that utilize statistical models, such as SMPL, which are not mentioned or described in the abstract of the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What works demonstrated the performance of rendering deep neural features in the Renderer for Deep Neural Features research?\nTitle: RePOSE: Fast 6D Object Pose Refinement via Deep Texture Rendering\nAbstract:  Abstract We present RePOSE, a fast iterative refinement method for 6D object pose estimation. Prior methods perform refinement by feeding zoomed-in input and rendered RGB images into a CNN and directly regressing an update of a refined pose. Their runtime is slow due to the computational cost of CNN, which is especially prominent in multiple-object pose refinement. To overcome this problem, RePOSE leverages image rendering for fast feature extraction using a 3D model with a learnable texture. We call this deep texture rendering, which uses a shallow multi-layer perceptron to directly regress a view-invariant image representation of an object. Furthermore, we utilize differentiable Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) optimization to refine a pose fast and accurately by minimizing the distance between the input and rendered image representations without the need of zooming in. These image representations are trained such that differentiable LM optimization converges within few iterations. Consequently, RePOSE runs at 929292 FPS and achieves state-of-the-art accuracy of 51.651.651.6% on the Occlusion LineMOD dataset - a 4.14.14.1% absolute improvement over the prior art, and comparable result on the YCB-Video dataset with a much faster runtime. The code is available at https://github.com/sh8/repose. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"RePOSE: Fast 6D Object Pose Refinement via Deep Texture Rendering,\" focuses on leveraging a method called deep texture rendering for fast and accurate 6D object pose refinement. While it discusses rendering deep neural features using a learnable texture and a shallow multi-layer perceptron, the paper primarily evaluates the performance of this approach in the context of object pose estimation tasks. The user query specifically asks about works that demonstrate the performance of rendering deep neural features in the \"Renderer for Deep Neural Features\" research. The paper does not explicitly address or evaluate the broader concept of rendering deep neural features in the context of the \"Renderer for Deep Neural Features\" research, nor does it provide a direct connection to such a framework. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works proposed methods for generating descriptions using large language models?\nTitle: What does a platypus look like? Generating customized prompts for zero-shot image classification\nAbstract:  Abstract Open-vocabulary models are a promising new paradigm for image classification. Unlike traditional classification models, open-vocabulary models classify among any arbitrary set of categories specified with natural language during inference. This natural language, called “prompts”, typically consists of a set of hand-written templates (e.g., “a photo of a {}”) which are completed with each of the category names. This work introduces a simple method to generate higher accuracy prompts, without relying on any explicit knowledge of the task domain and with far fewer hand-constructed sentences. To achieve this, we combine open-vocabulary models with large language models (LLMs) to create Customized Prompts via Language models (CuPL, pronounced “couple”). In particular, we leverage the knowledge contained in LLMs in order to generate many descriptive sentences that contain important discriminating characteristics of the image categories. This allows the model to place a greater importance on these regions in the image when making predictions. We find that this straightforward and general approach improves accuracy on a range of zero-shot image classification benchmarks, including over one percentage point gain on ImageNet. Finally, this simple baseline requires no additional training and remains completely zero-shot. Code available at https://github.com/sarahpratt/CuPL. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"What does a platypus look like? Generating customized prompts for zero-shot image classification\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper does propose a method that utilizes large language models (LLMs) to generate customized prompts for zero-shot image classification, its focus is on improving image classification accuracy by creating prompts that describe image categories. The primary goal is not to generate general descriptions using LLMs but rather to enhance classification performance through task-specific prompt generation. The user query specifically asks about methods for generating descriptions using LLMs, which implies a broader focus on description generation rather than task-specific prompt optimization for image classification."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you list some works which incorporate deep learning methods for generalizable novel view synthesis by processing PSVs?\nTitle: Learning-Based View Synthesis for Light Field Cameras\nAbstract:  Abstract With the introduction of consumer light field cameras, light field imaging has recently become widespread. However, there is an inherent trade-off between the angular and spatial resolution, and thus, these cameras often sparsely sample in either spatial or angular domain. In this paper, we use machine learning to mitigate this trade-off. Specifically, we propose a novel learning-based approach to synthesize new views from a sparse set of input views. We build upon existing view synthesis techniques and break down the process into disparity and color estimation components. We use two sequential convolutional neural networks to model these two components and train both networks simultaneously by minimizing the error between the synthesized and ground truth images. We show the performance of our approach using only four corner sub-aperture views from the light fields captured by the Lytro Illum camera. Experimental results show that our approach synthesizes high-quality images that are superior to the state-of-the-art techniques on a variety of challenging real-world scenes. We believe our method could potentially decrease the required angular resolution of consumer light field cameras, which allows their spatial resolution to increase. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on learning-based view synthesis for light field cameras, specifically addressing the trade-off between angular and spatial resolution in light field imaging. While it employs deep learning methods (using convolutional neural networks) for view synthesis, the paper does not explicitly mention processing *PSVs* (Plane Sweep Volumes), which are a specific representation often used in novel view synthesis tasks. The query specifically asks for works that incorporate deep learning methods for generalizable novel view synthesis by processing PSVs, and this paper does not satisfy the requirement of processing PSVs."}
{"input": "User Query: What researches have been conducted on multi-task kernel bandits based on composite kernel functions?\nTitle: Multi-Task Learning for Contextual Bandits\nAbstract:  Abstract Contextual bandits are a form of multi-armed bandit in which the agent has access to predictive side information (known as the context) for each arm at each time step, and have been used to model personalized news recommendation, ad placement, and other applications. In this work, we propose a multi-task learning framework for contextual bandit problems. Like multi-task learning in the batch setting, the goal is to leverage similarities in contexts for different arms so as to improve the agent’s ability to predict rewards from contexts. We propose an upper confidence bound-based multi-task learning algorithm for contextual bandits, establish a corresponding regret bound, and interpret this bound to quantify the advantages of learning in the presence of high task (arm) similarity. We also describe an effective scheme for estimating task similarity from data, and demonstrate our algorithm’s performance on several data sets. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on multi-task learning for contextual bandits and proposes a framework that leverages task similarity to improve reward prediction. While it discusses multi-task learning and contextual bandits, the paper does not explicitly address **multi-task kernel bandits** or the use of **composite kernel functions**, which are the specific focus of the user query. The user query explicitly seeks research on multi-task kernel bandits based on composite kernel functions, and the abstract does not mention kernel methods, composite kernels, or their application in the proposed algorithm. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies have focused on surface-level fallacies for propaganda detection?\nTitle: Detecting Propaganda Techniques in Code-Switched Social Media Text\nAbstract:  Abstract Propaganda is a form of communication intended to influence the opinions and the mindset of the public to promote a particular agenda. With the rise of social media, propaganda has spread rapidly, leading to the need for automatic propaganda detection systems. Most work on propaganda detection has focused on high-resource languages, such as English, and little effort has been made to detect propaganda for low-resource languages. Yet, it is common to find a mix of multiple languages in social media communication, a phenomenon known as code-switching. Code-switching combines different languages within the same text, which poses a challenge for automatic systems. With this in mind, here we propose the novel task of detecting propaganda techniques in code-switched text. To support this task, we create a corpus of 1,030 texts code-switching between English and Roman Urdu, annotated with 20 propaganda techniques, which we make publicly available. We perform a number of experiments contrasting different experimental setups, and we find that it is important to model the multilinguality directly (rather than using translation) as well as to use the right fine-tuning strategy. The code and the dataset are publicly available at https://github.com/mbzuai-nlp/propaganda-codeswitched-text ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on detecting propaganda techniques in code-switched social media text, particularly between English and Roman Urdu. While it discusses propaganda detection, it does not specifically address surface-level fallacies as a focus area. Surface-level fallacies refer to logical inconsistencies or deceptive arguments used in propaganda, and the paper does not explicitly mention studying or analyzing such fallacies. Instead, the paper emphasizes challenges related to multilinguality, code-switching, and the development of a dataset for propaganda detection in mixed-language contexts. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some researches that focused on learning specific components like feature extraction, matching, and pose or point cloud refinement?\nTitle: R2D2: Repeatable and Reliable Detector and Descriptor\nAbstract:  Abstract Interest point detection and local feature description are fundamental steps in many computer vision applications. Classical methods for these tasks are based on a detect-then-describe paradigm where separate handcrafted methods are used to first identify repeatable keypoints and then represent them with a local descriptor. Neural networks trained with metric learning losses have recently caught up with these techniques, focusing on learning repeatable saliency maps for keypoint detection and learning descriptors at the detected keypoint locations. In this work, we argue that salient regions are not necessarily discriminative, and therefore can harm the performance of the description. Furthermore, we claim that descriptors should be learned only in regions for which matching can be performed with high confidence. We thus propose to jointly learn keypoint detection and description together with a predictor of the local descriptor discriminativeness. This allows us to avoid ambiguous areas and leads to reliable keypoint detections and descriptions. Our detection-and-description approach, trained with self-supervision, can simultaneously output sparse, repeatable and reliable keypoints that outperforms state-of-the-art detectors and descriptors on the HPatches dataset. It also establishes a record on the recently released Aachen Day-Night localization benchmark. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"R2D2: Repeatable and Reliable Detector and Descriptor\" focuses on learning specific components such as feature extraction (keypoint detection and descriptor learning) and matching (via descriptor discriminativeness), it does not address pose or point cloud refinement. The user query explicitly asks for research that includes all three components: feature extraction, matching, and pose or point cloud refinement. Since this paper does not cover pose or point cloud refinement, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works which proposed algorithms for correlation clustering on complete graphs?\nTitle: Parallel Correlation Clustering on Big Graphs\nAbstract:  Abstract Given a similarity graph between items, correlation clustering (CC) groups similar items together and dissimilar ones apart. One of the most popular CC algorithms is KwikCluster: an algorithm that serially clusters neighborhoods of vertices, and obtains a 333-approximation ratio. Unfortunately, KwikCluster in practice requires a large number of clustering rounds, a potential bottleneck for large graphs. We present C4 and ClusterWild!, two algorithms for parallel correlation clustering that run in a polylogarithmic number of rounds and achieve nearly linear speedups, provably. C4 uses concurrency control to enforce serializability of a parallel clustering process, and guarantees a 333-approximation ratio. ClusterWild! is a coordination free algorithm that abandons consistency for the benefit of better scaling; this leads to a provably small loss in the 333-approximation ratio. We provide extensive experimental results for both algorithms, where we outperform the state of the art, both in terms of clustering accuracy and running time. We show that our algorithms can cluster billion-edge graphs in under 5 seconds on 32 cores, while achieving a 15×15\\times speedup. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on parallel algorithms for correlation clustering on large graphs, specifically addressing scalability and efficiency. However, the abstract does not explicitly mention that the proposed algorithms (C4 and ClusterWild!) are designed for or evaluated on *complete graphs*. The user query specifically asks for works proposing algorithms for correlation clustering on *complete graphs*, and the paper does not provide sufficient evidence in the abstract to confirm that it satisfies this requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: What is the foundation work for graph neural networks (GNNs)?\nTitle: How Powerful are Graph Neural Networks?\nAbstract:  Abstract Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are an effective framework for representation learning of graphs. GNNs follow a neighborhood aggregation scheme, where the representation vector of a node is computed by recursively aggregating and transforming representation vectors of its neighboring nodes. Many GNN variants have been proposed and have achieved state-of-the-art results on both node and graph classification tasks. However, despite GNNs revolutionizing graph representation learning, there is limited understanding of their representational properties and limitations. Here, we present a theoretical framework for analyzing the expressive power of GNNs to capture different graph structures. Our results characterize the discriminative power of popular GNN variants, such as Graph Convolutional Networks and GraphSAGE, and show that they cannot learn to distinguish certain simple graph structures. We then develop a simple architecture that is provably the most expressive among the class of GNNs and is as powerful as the Weisfeiler-Lehman graph isomorphism test. We empirically validate our theoretical findings on a number of graph classification benchmarks, and demonstrate that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: While the paper \"How Powerful are Graph Neural Networks?\" is a significant contribution to the field of GNNs, it does not fully satisfy the user query regarding the \"foundation work\" for GNNs. The paper primarily focuses on analyzing the expressive power of GNNs, characterizing their limitations, and proposing a more expressive architecture. However, foundational work for GNNs would typically involve the initial development and introduction of the GNN framework itself, such as the first principles, models, or algorithms that laid the groundwork for the field. Foundational works in GNNs would include earlier papers that introduced the concept of graph-based neural networks, such as \"Semi-Supervised Classification with Graph Convolutional Networks\" (Kipf & Welling, 2017) or \"The Graph Neural Network Model\" (Scarselli et al., 2009). This paper builds on those foundations but is not itself foundational in nature."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work can be considered as the start of the research on 2D image segmentation?\nTitle: Fully Convolutional Networks for Semantic Segmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract Convolutional networks are powerful visual models that yield hierarchies of features. We show that convolutional networks by themselves, trained end-to-end, pixels-to-pixels, exceed the state-of-the-art in semantic segmentation. Our key insight is to build “fully convolutional” networks that take input of arbitrary size and produce correspondingly-sized output with efficient inference and learning. We define and detail the space of fully convolutional networks, explain their application to spatially dense prediction tasks, and draw connections to prior models. We adapt contemporary classification networks (AlexNet [19], the VGG net [31], and GoogLeNet [32]) into fully convolutional networks and transfer their learned representations by fine-tuning [4] to the segmentation task. We then define a novel architecture that combines semantic information from a deep, coarse layer with appearance information from a shallow, fine layer to produce accurate and detailed segmentations. Our fully convolutional network achieves state-of-the-art segmentation of PASCAL VOC (20% relative improvement to 62.2% mean IU on 2012), NYUDv2, and SIFT Flow, while inference takes less than one fifth of a second for a typical image. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: While the paper \"Fully Convolutional Networks for Semantic Segmentation\" is a highly influential work in the field of 2D image segmentation and introduced the concept of fully convolutional networks (FCNs) for semantic segmentation, it cannot be considered the *start* of research on 2D image segmentation. Research on 2D image segmentation predates this paper by several decades, with early foundational works focusing on edge detection, region-based segmentation, and clustering techniques. For example, early methods such as thresholding, region growing, and the watershed algorithm were developed long before this paper. Additionally, the use of machine learning for image segmentation began with methods like k-means clustering and later evolved with the introduction of neural networks in the 1980s and 1990s. Therefore, while this paper represents a significant milestone in modern deep learning-based segmentation, it does not mark the beginning of 2D image segmentation research."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers contributed to the generation of consistent multi-view images given camera poses and text prompts by using the pre-trained perspective-image Diffusion Models?\nTitle: Text2Room: Extracting Textured 3D Meshes from 2D Text-to-Image Models\nAbstract:  Abstract We present Text2Room222https://lukashoel.github.io/text-to-room, a method for generating room-scale textured 3D meshes from a given text prompt as input. To this end, we leverage pre-trained 2D text-to-image models to synthesize a sequence of images from different poses. In order to lift these outputs into a consistent 3D scene representation, we combine monocular depth estimation with a text-conditioned inpainting model. The core idea of our approach is a tailored viewpoint selection such that the content of each image can be fused into a seamless, textured 3D mesh. More specifically, we propose a continuous alignment strategy that iteratively fuses scene frames with the existing geometry to create a seamless mesh. Unlike existing works that focus on generating single objects [57, 42] or zoom-out trajectories [18] from text, our method generates complete 3D scenes with multiple objects and explicit 3D geometry. We evaluate our approach using qualitative and quantitative metrics, demonstrating it as the first method to generate room-scale 3D geometry with compelling textures from only text as input. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Text2Room\" does involve generating multi-view images from text prompts and synthesizing 3D scenes, it does not explicitly focus on generating consistent multi-view images given *camera poses* using pre-trained *perspective-image Diffusion Models*. Instead, the method leverages 2D text-to-image models, monocular depth estimation, and text-conditioned inpainting to create textured 3D meshes. The emphasis is on generating 3D geometry and textures for room-scale scenes, rather than specifically addressing consistency in multi-view image generation tied to camera poses using pre-trained diffusion models. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers proved that Transformers with learnable positional encodings are universal approximators of continuous sequence-to-sequence functions?\nTitle: Big Bird: Transformers for Longer Sequences\nAbstract:  Abstract Transformers-based models, such as BERT, have been one of the most successful deep learning models for NLP. Unfortunately, one of their core limitations is the quadratic dependency (mainly in terms of memory) on the sequence length due to their full attention mechanism. To remedy this, we propose, BigBird, a sparse attention mechanism that reduces this quadratic dependency to linear. We show that BigBird is a universal approximator of sequence functions and is Turing complete, thereby preserving these properties of the quadratic, full attention model. Along the way, our theoretical analysis reveals some of the benefits of having O​(1)𝑂1O(1) global tokens (such as CLS), that attend to the entire sequence as part of the sparse attention mechanism. The proposed sparse attention can handle sequences of length up to 8x of what was previously possible using similar hardware. As a consequence of the capability to handle longer context, BigBird drastically improves performance on various NLP tasks such as question answering and summarization. We also propose novel applications to genomics data. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Big Bird: Transformers for Longer Sequences\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses the universality of BigBird as a universal approximator of sequence functions and its Turing completeness, it does not specifically address or prove that Transformers with **learnable positional encodings** are universal approximators of **continuous sequence-to-sequence functions**. The focus of the paper is on introducing a sparse attention mechanism to handle longer sequences efficiently, rather than analyzing the role of learnable positional encodings or their connection to universal approximation of continuous sequence-to-sequence functions."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the foundational studies for Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL)?\nTitle: A Survey on Deep Semi-supervised Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep semi-supervised learning is a fast-growing field with a range of practical applications. This paper provides a comprehensive survey on both fundamentals and recent advances in deep semi-supervised learning methods from perspectives of model design and unsupervised loss functions. We first present a taxonomy for deep semi-supervised learning that categorizes existing methods, including deep generative methods, consistency regularization methods, graph-based methods, pseudo-labeling methods, and hybrid methods. Then we provide a comprehensive review of 52 representative methods and offer a detailed comparison of these methods in terms of the type of losses, contributions, and architecture differences. In addition to the progress in the past few years, we further discuss some shortcomings of existing methods and provide some tentative heuristic solutions for solving these open problems. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"A Survey on Deep Semi-supervised Learning,\" provides a comprehensive survey of deep semi-supervised learning methods, including recent advances, taxonomy, and a review of 52 representative methods. However, the user query specifically asks for foundational studies in Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL). While the paper may touch upon some foundational aspects, its primary focus is on recent developments, model designs, and unsupervised loss functions in deep SSL. It does not explicitly focus on identifying or detailing the foundational studies of SSL as a field, which is the core requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers can you cite that have extended the use of Masked Auto-Encoder (MAE) across various domains?\nTitle: MAGE: MAsked Generative Encoder to Unify Representation Learning and Image Synthesis\nAbstract:  Abstract Generative modeling and representation learning are two key tasks in computer vision. However, these models are typically trained independently, which ignores the potential for each task to help the other, and leads to training and model maintenance overheads. In this work, we propose MAsked Generative Encoder (MAGE), the first framework to unify SOTA image generation and self-supervised representation learning. Our key insight is that using variable masking ratios in masked image modeling pre-training can allow generative training (very high masking ratio) and representation learning (lower masking ratio) under the same training framework. Inspired by previous generative models, MAGE uses semantic tokens learned by a vector-quantized GAN at inputs and outputs, combining this with masking. We can further improve the representation by adding a contrastive loss to the encoder output. We extensively evaluate the generation and representation learning capabilities of MAGE. On ImageNet-1K,  a single MAGE ViT-L model obtains 9.10 FID in the task of class-unconditional image generation and 78.9% top-1 accuracy for linear probing, achieving state-of-the-art performance in both image generation and representation learning. Code is available at https://github.com/LTH14/mage. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"MAGE: MAsked Generative Encoder to Unify Representation Learning and Image Synthesis,\" focuses on unifying generative modeling and representation learning using a framework inspired by Masked Auto-Encoders (MAE). While it extends the use of MAE within the domain of computer vision, specifically for image generation and representation learning, it does not explicitly demonstrate or claim to extend the use of MAE across *various domains*. The work is limited to advancements within the scope of computer vision tasks, such as image generation and representation learning on datasets like ImageNet-1K. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query, which seeks papers that extend MAE across multiple domains."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research paper found superior accuracy by fine-tuning the ViT backbone with a lower learning rate?\nTitle: AdaptFormer: Adapting Vision Transformers for Scalable Visual Recognition\nAbstract:  Abstract Pretraining Vision Transformers (ViTs) has achieved great success in visual recognition. A following scenario is to adapt a ViT to various image and video recognition tasks. The adaptation is challenging because of heavy computation and memory storage. Each model needs an independent and complete finetuning process to adapt to different tasks, which limits its transferability to different visual domains. To address this challenge, we propose an effective adaptation approach for Transformer, namely AdaptFormer, which can adapt the pre-trained ViTs into many different image and video tasks efficiently. It possesses several benefits more appealing than prior arts. Firstly, AdaptFormer introduces lightweight modules that only add less than 2% extra parameters to a ViT, while it is able to increase the ViT’s transferability without updating its original pre-trained parameters, significantly outperforming the existing 100% fully fine-tuned models on action recognition benchmarks. Secondly, it can be plug-and-play in different Transformers and scalable to many visual tasks. Thirdly, extensive experiments on five image and video datasets show that AdaptFormer largely improves ViTs in the target domains. For example, when updating just 1.5% extra parameters, it achieves about 10% and 19% relative improvement compared to the fully fine-tuned models on Something-Something v2 and HMDB51, respectively. Code is available at https://github.com/ShoufaChen/AdaptFormer. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, *\"AdaptFormer: Adapting Vision Transformers for Scalable Visual Recognition,\"* does not explicitly focus on fine-tuning the Vision Transformer (ViT) backbone with a lower learning rate to achieve superior accuracy. Instead, it proposes a novel adaptation approach called AdaptFormer, which introduces lightweight modules to adapt pre-trained ViTs to various tasks without fully fine-tuning the original parameters. While the paper discusses improvements in transferability and performance, it does not specifically investigate or highlight the role of using a lower learning rate for fine-tuning the ViT backbone as a key factor for achieving superior accuracy. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Who conducted research on tracking-based semi-supervised learning in Lidar?\nTitle: Motion Inspired Unsupervised Perception and Prediction in Autonomous Driving\nAbstract:  Abstract Learning-based perception and prediction modules in modern autonomous driving systems typically rely on expensive human annotation and are designed to perceive only a handful of predefined object categories. This closed-set paradigm is insufficient for the safety-critical autonomous driving task, where the autonomous vehicle needs to process arbitrarily many types of traffic participants and their motion behaviors in a highly dynamic world. To address this difficulty, this paper pioneers a novel and challenging direction, i.e., training perception and prediction models to understand open-set moving objects, with no human supervision. Our proposed framework uses self-learned flow to trigger an automated meta labeling pipeline to achieve automatic supervision. 3D detection experiments on the Waymo Open Dataset show that our method significantly outperforms classical unsupervised approaches and is even competitive to the counterpart with supervised scene flow. We further show that our approach generates highly promising results in open-set 3D detection and trajectory prediction, confirming its potential in closing the safety gap of fully supervised systems. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper focuses on \"Motion Inspired Unsupervised Perception and Prediction in Autonomous Driving,\" which emphasizes unsupervised learning for open-set moving objects and automatic supervision using self-learned flow. While it involves 3D detection and trajectory prediction in autonomous driving, the paper does not explicitly address \"tracking-based semi-supervised learning in Lidar,\" as specified in the user query. The query specifically seeks research on semi-supervised learning with a tracking-based approach in the context of Lidar, which is not the focus of the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers proposed a method for predicting a hairstyle using only a single image?\nTitle: HairStep: Transfer Synthetic to Real Using Strand and Depth Maps for Single-View 3D Hair Modeling\nAbstract:  Abstract In this work, we tackle the challenging problem of learning-based single-view 3D hair modeling. Due to the great difficulty of collecting paired real image and 3D hair data, using synthetic data to provide prior knowledge for real domain becomes a leading solution. This unfortunately introduces the challenge of domain gap. Due to the inherent difficulty of realistic hair rendering, existing methods typically use orientation maps instead of hair images as input to bridge the gap. We firmly think an intermediate representation is essential, but we argue that orientation map using the dominant filtering-based methods is sensitive to uncertain noise and far from a competent representation. Thus, we first raise this issue up and propose a novel intermediate representation, termed as HairStep, which consists of a strand map and a depth map. It is found that HairStep not only provides sufficient information for accurate 3D hair modeling, but also is feasible to be inferred from real images. Specifically, we collect a dataset of 1,250 portrait images with two types of annotations. A learning framework is further designed to transfer real images to the strand map and depth map. It is noted that, an extra bonus of our new dataset is the first quantitative metric for 3D hair modeling. Our experiments show that HairStep narrows the domain gap between synthetic and real and achieves state-of-the-art performance on single-view 3D hair reconstruction. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"HairStep: Transfer Synthetic to Real Using Strand and Depth Maps for Single-View 3D Hair Modeling,\" focuses on single-view 3D hair modeling, which involves reconstructing 3D hair structures (strand and depth maps) from a single image. While the paper does propose a method for predicting 3D hair structure using a single image, it does not explicitly address predicting a hairstyle (e.g., the style, shape, or arrangement of hair) as per the user query. The user query specifically asks for methods aimed at predicting a hairstyle, which is a different task from 3D hair modeling. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some studies that have used behavioral testing in their counterfactual benchmarks to test the faithfulness of interpretability method?\nTitle: FIND: A Function Description Benchmark for Evaluating Interpretability Methods\nAbstract: Labeling neural network submodules with human-legible descriptions is useful for many downstream tasks: such descriptions can surface failures, guide interventions, and perhaps even explain important model behaviors. To date, most mechanistic descriptions of trained networks have involved small models, narrowly delimited phenomena, and large amounts of human labor. Labeling all human-interpretable sub-computations in models of increasing size and complexity will almost certainly require tools that can generate and validate descriptions automatically. Recently, techniques that use learned models in-the-loop for labeling have begun to gain traction, but methods for evaluating their efficacy are limited and ad-hoc. How should we validate and compare open-ended labeling tools? This paper introduces FIND (Function INterpretation and Description), a benchmark suite for evaluating the building blocks of automated interpretability methods. FIND contains functions that resemble components of trained neural networks, and accompanying descriptions of the kind we seek to generate. The functions span textual and numeric domains, and involve a range of real-world complexities. We evaluate methods that use pretrained language models (LMs) to produce descriptions of function behavior in natural language and code. Additionally, we introduce a new interactive method in which an Automated Interpretability Agent (AIA) generates function descriptions. We find that an AIA, built from an LM with black-box access to functions, can infer function structure, acting as a scientist by forming hypotheses, proposing experiments, and updating descriptions in light of new data. However, AIA descriptions tend to capture global function behavior and miss local details. These results suggest that FIND will be useful for evaluating more sophisticated interpretability methods before they are applied to real-world models.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"FIND: A Function Description Benchmark for Evaluating Interpretability Methods\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper introduces a benchmark (FIND) for evaluating interpretability methods and discusses the use of automated tools to generate and validate descriptions of function behavior, it does not explicitly mention the use of **behavioral testing** in **counterfactual benchmarks** to test the **faithfulness** of interpretability methods. The focus of the paper is on generating and validating descriptions of function behavior using techniques like pretrained language models and an Automated Interpretability Agent (AIA), rather than on testing interpretability methods through counterfactual behavioral testing. The user query specifically asks for studies that employ counterfactual benchmarks to assess faithfulness, which is not directly addressed in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any researches that worked on the utilization of reference-free metrics to rerank generated outputs in NMT systems?\nTitle: Looking for a Needle in a Haystack: A Comprehensive Study of Hallucinations in Neural Machine Translation\nAbstract:  Abstract Although the problem of hallucinations in neural machine translation (NMT) has received some attention, research on this highly pathological phenomenon lacks solid ground. Previous work has been limited in several ways: it often resorts to artificial settings where the problem is amplified, it disregards some (common) types of hallucinations, and it does not validate adequacy of detection heuristics. In this paper, we set foundations for the study of NMT hallucinations. First, we work in a natural setting, i.e., in-domain data without artificial noise neither in training nor in inference. Next, we annotate a dataset of over 3.4k sentences indicating different kinds of critical errors and hallucinations. Then, we turn to detection methods and both revisit methods used previously and propose using glass-box uncertainty-based detectors. Overall, we show that for preventive settings, (i) previously used methods are largely inadequate, (ii) sequence log-probability works best and performs on par with reference-based methods. Finally, we propose DeHallucinator, a simple method for alleviating hallucinations at test time which significantly reduces the hallucinatory rate. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper primarily focuses on the problem of hallucinations in neural machine translation (NMT), including their detection and mitigation. While it mentions the use of reference-free methods like sequence log-probability for detecting hallucinations and compares them to reference-based methods, the paper does not explicitly address the utilization of reference-free metrics for reranking generated outputs in NMT systems. The focus is on detection and prevention of hallucinations rather than reranking outputs based on reference-free metrics. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you tell me what works have utilized Gaussian Processes, Neural Processes or Bayesian Neural Networks in the context of Online ED?\nTitle: Sequential Neural Processes\nAbstract: Neural Processes combine the strengths of neural networks and Gaussian processes to achieve both flexible learning and fast prediction in stochastic processes. However, a large class of problems comprises underlying temporal dependency structures in a sequence of stochastic processes that Neural Processes (NP) do not explicitly consider. In this paper, we propose Sequential Neural Processes (SNP) which incorporates a temporal state-transition model of stochastic processes and thus extends its modeling capabilities to dynamic stochastic processes. In applying SNP to dynamic 3D scene modeling, we introduce the Temporal Generative Query Networks. To our knowledge, this is the first 4D model that can deal with the temporal dynamics of 3D scenes. In experiments, we evaluate the proposed methods in dynamic (non-stationary) regression and 4D scene inference and rendering.", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper, \"Sequential Neural Processes,\" discusses the use of Neural Processes and their extension to Sequential Neural Processes (SNP) for modeling dynamic stochastic processes. While Neural Processes are related to Gaussian Processes in their ability to model uncertainty and perform flexible learning, the paper does not explicitly mention or address the context of Online ED (Education or Emergency Department, depending on the intended meaning of \"ED\"). The focus of the paper is on dynamic 3D scene modeling and temporal dynamics, which is unrelated to the specific application domain of Online ED as described in the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works related to SSL from the causality and data-generating processes perspective?\nTitle: What Makes for Good Views for Contrastive Learning?\nAbstract:  Abstract Contrastive learning between multiple views of the data has recently achieved state of the art performance in the field of self-supervised representation learning. Despite its success, the influence of different view choices has been less studied. In this paper, we use theoretical and empirical analysis to better understand the importance of view selection, and argue that we should reduce the mutual information (MI) between views while keeping task-relevant information intact. To verify this hypothesis, we devise unsupervised and semi-supervised frameworks that learn effective views by aiming to reduce their MI. We also consider data augmentation as a way to reduce MI, and show that increasing data augmentation indeed leads to decreasing MI and improves downstream classification accuracy. As a by-product, we achieve a new state-of-the-art accuracy on unsupervised pre-training for ImageNet classification (73%percent7373\\% top-1 linear readout with a ResNet-50)111Project page: http://hobbitlong.github.io/InfoMin. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"What Makes for Good Views for Contrastive Learning?\" primarily focuses on the role of view selection and mutual information (MI) in contrastive learning for self-supervised learning (SSL). While it provides theoretical and empirical insights into the importance of reducing MI between views while preserving task-relevant information, it does not explicitly address SSL from the perspective of causality or data-generating processes. The paper's focus is on optimizing view selection and data augmentation strategies to improve SSL performance, rather than exploring the causal relationships or underlying data-generating mechanisms that influence SSL. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query, which specifically seeks works related to SSL from a causality and data-generating processes perspective."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper discusses the benefits of Soft Distillation (SD) in application but does not consider cases of noisy labels or observations?\nTitle: Self-Distillation Amplifies Regularization in Hilbert Space1footnote 11footnote 1This article is a more detailed version of a paper with the same title in Neural and Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS) 2020 conference.\nAbstract:  Abstract Knowledge distillation introduced in the deep learning context is a method to transfer knowledge from one architecture to another. In particular, when the architectures are identical, this is called self-distillation. The idea is to feed in predictions of the trained model as new target values for retraining (and iterate this loop possibly a few times). It has been empirically observed that the self-distilled model often achieves higher accuracy on held out data. Why this happens, however, has been a mystery: the self-distillation dynamics does not receive any new information about the task and solely evolves by looping over training. To the best of our knowledge, there is no rigorous understanding of this phenomenon. This work provides the first theoretical analysis of self-distillation. We focus on fitting a nonlinear function to training data, where the model space is Hilbert space and fitting is subject to ℓ2subscriptℓ2\\ell_{2} regularization in this function space. We show that self-distillation iterations modify regularization by progressively limiting the number of basis functions that can be used to represent the solution. This implies (as we also verify empirically) that while a few rounds of self-distillation may reduce over-fitting, further rounds may lead to under-fitting and thus worse performance. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Self-Distillation Amplifies Regularization in Hilbert Space,\" focuses on self-distillation, a specific type of knowledge distillation where the same model architecture is used iteratively to refine predictions. While the paper provides a theoretical analysis of self-distillation and discusses its effects on regularization and overfitting, it does not explicitly address the concept of Soft Distillation (SD) as described in the user query. Furthermore, the paper does not emphasize the practical benefits of Soft Distillation in applications, nor does it explicitly mention or exclude cases involving noisy labels or observations. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any papers discussing multiple solution discovery methodologies such as niching, parallel multi-starts and deflation?\nTitle: Computing multiple solutions of topology optimization problems Accepted, January 2021. \\fundingThe first author is supported by the EPSRC Centre for Doctoral Training in Partial Differential Equations: Analysis and Applications [grant number EP/L015811/1] and The MathWorks, Inc. The second author is supported by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council [grant number EP/R029423/1]. The third author is supported by the German Research Foundation [DFG-Grant SU 963/1-1]\nAbstract:  Abstract Topology optimization problems often support multiple local minima due to a lack of convexity. Typically, gradient-based techniques combined with continuation in model parameters are used to promote convergence to more optimal solutions; however, these methods can fail even in the simplest cases. In this paper, we present an algorithm to perform a systematic exploratory search for the solutions of the optimization problem via second-order methods without a good initial guess. The algorithm combines the techniques of deflation, barrier methods and primal-dual active set solvers in a novel way. We demonstrate this approach on several numerical examples, observe mesh-independence in certain cases and show that multiple distinct local minima can be recovered. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses methodologies for discovering multiple solutions in topology optimization problems, it specifically focuses on the use of deflation, barrier methods, and primal-dual active set solvers. It does not mention or discuss other methodologies such as niching or parallel multi-starts, which are explicitly part of the user's query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you name studies that used more sophisticated models such as GMMs or PCAs for modeling robust pose prior?\nTitle: Keep it SMPL: Automatic Estimation of 3D Human Pose and Shape from a Single Image\nAbstract:  Abstract We describe the first method to automatically estimate the 3D pose of the human body as well as its 3D shape from a single unconstrained image. We estimate a full 3D mesh and show that 2D joints alone carry a surprising amount of information about body shape. The problem is challenging because of the complexity of the human body, articulation, occlusion, clothing, lighting, and the inherent ambiguity in inferring 3D from 2D. To solve this, we first use a recently published CNN-based method, DeepCut, to predict (bottom-up) the 2D body joint locations. We then fit (top-down) a recently published statistical body shape model, called SMPL, to the 2D joints. We do so by minimizing an objective function that penalizes the error between the projected 3D model joints and detected 2D joints. Because SMPL captures correlations in human shape across the population, we are able to robustly fit it to very little data. We further leverage the 3D model to prevent solutions that cause interpenetration. We evaluate our method, SMPLify, on the Leeds Sports, HumanEva, and Human3.6M datasets, showing superior pose accuracy with respect to the state of the art. ††∗ The first two authors contributed equally to this work. The work was performed at the MPI for Intelligent Systems. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Keep it SMPL: Automatic Estimation of 3D Human Pose and Shape from a Single Image\" does not explicitly mention the use of sophisticated models such as Gaussian Mixture Models (GMMs) or Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for modeling robust pose priors. While the paper utilizes the SMPL statistical body shape model, which inherently captures correlations in human shape, it does not explicitly describe the use of GMMs or PCA for pose prior modeling. The focus is on fitting the SMPL model to 2D joint data using an optimization approach, rather than employing GMMs or PCA for robust pose prior modeling as specified in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers mentioned bootstrapping strategy in the context of fully-labeled classification?\nTitle: Self-training with Noisy Student improves ImageNet classification\nAbstract:  Abstract We present Noisy Student Training, a semi-supervised learning approach that works well even when labeled data is abundant. Noisy Student Training achieves 88.4% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, which is 2.0% better than the state-of-the-art model that requires 3.5B weakly labeled Instagram images. On robustness test sets, it improves ImageNet-A top-1 accuracy from 61.0% to 83.7%, reduces ImageNet-C mean corruption error from 45.7 to 28.3, and reduces ImageNet-P mean flip rate from 27.8 to 12.2. Noisy Student Training extends the idea of self-training and distillation with the use of equal-or-larger student models and noise added to the student during learning. On ImageNet, we first train an EfficientNet model on labeled images and use it as a teacher to generate pseudo labels for 300M unlabeled images. We then train a larger EfficientNet as a student model on the combination of labeled and pseudo labeled images. We iterate this process by putting back the student as the teacher. During the learning of the student, we inject noise such as dropout, stochastic depth, and data augmentation via RandAugment to the student so that the student generalizes better than the teacher.111Models are available at https://github.com/tensorflow/tpu/tree/master/models/official/efficientnet. Code is available at https://github.com/google-research/noisystudent. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Self-training with Noisy Student improves ImageNet classification\" primarily discusses a semi-supervised learning approach called Noisy Student Training, which involves self-training with pseudo-labels generated from a teacher model and training a student model on a combination of labeled and pseudo-labeled data. While this approach iterates between teacher and student models, which may resemble a bootstrapping-like strategy, the paper explicitly focuses on semi-supervised learning and the use of pseudo-labeled data. The query specifically asks for papers mentioning a bootstrapping strategy in the context of **fully-labeled classification**, but this paper does not address fully-labeled classification, as it relies on a combination of labeled and unlabeled data. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research introduced the Mean Field IRL approach for discounted finite-horizon mean field games?\nTitle: Individual-Level Inverse Reinforcement Learning for Mean Field Games\nAbstract:  Abstract. The recent mean field game (MFG) formalism has enabled the application of inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) methods in large-scale multi-agent systems, with the goal of inferring reward signals that can explain demonstrated behaviours of large populations. The existing IRL methods for MFGs are built upon reducing an MFG to a Markov decision process (MDP) defined on the collective behaviours and average rewards of the population. However, this paper reveals that the reduction from MFG to MDP holds only for the fully cooperative setting. This limitation invalidates existing IRL methods on MFGs with non-cooperative environments. To measure more general behaviours in large populations, we study the use of individual behaviours to infer ground-truth reward functions for MFGs. We propose Mean Field IRL (MFIRL), the first dedicated IRL framework for MFGs that can handle both cooperative and non-cooperative environments. Based on this theoretically justified framework, we develop a practical algorithm effective for MFGs with unknown dynamics. We evaluate MFIRL on both cooperative and mixed cooperative-competitive scenarios with many agents. Results demonstrate that MFIRL excels in reward recovery, sample efficiency and robustness in the face of changing dynamics. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper introduces the Mean Field IRL (MFIRL) framework for mean field games (MFGs) and discusses its application to both cooperative and non-cooperative environments. However, the user query specifically asks about the introduction of the Mean Field IRL approach for **discounted finite-horizon mean field games**. The abstract of the searched paper does not explicitly mention the focus on **discounted finite-horizon** mean field games. While the paper introduces MFIRL and provides a general framework for MFGs, it does not clearly specify that it addresses the discounted finite-horizon setting, which is a critical requirement of the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works discuss the limitations of performing imputation prior to classification?\nTitle: On the consistency of supervised learning with missing values\nAbstract:  Abstract In many application settings, the data have missing entries which make analysis challenging. An abundant literature addresses missing values in an inferential framework: estimating parameters and their variance from incomplete tables. Here, we consider supervised-learning settings: predicting a target when missing values appear in both training and testing data. We show the consistency of two approaches in prediction. A striking result is that the widely-used method of imputing with a constant, such as the mean prior to learning is consistent when missing values are not informative. This contrasts with inferential settings where mean imputation is pointed at for distorting the distribution of the data. That such a simple approach can be consistent is important in practice. We also show that a predictor suited for complete observations can predict optimally on incomplete data, through multiple imputation. Finally, to compare imputation with learning directly with a model that accounts for missing values, we analyze further decision trees. These can naturally tackle empirical risk minimization with missing values, due to their ability to handle the half-discrete nature of incomplete variables. After comparing theoretically and empirically different missing values strategies in trees, we recommend using the “missing incorporated in attribute” method as it can handle both non-informative and informative missing values. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"On the consistency of supervised learning with missing values\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses various approaches to handling missing values in supervised learning, including imputation methods like mean imputation, and compares these with other strategies such as decision trees that can handle missing values directly, it does not explicitly focus on discussing the *limitations* of performing imputation prior to classification. The paper primarily emphasizes the consistency of certain imputation methods (e.g., mean imputation) and their practical utility, rather than providing a detailed analysis of their drawbacks or limitations in the context of classification tasks. The user query specifically asks for a discussion of the limitations of imputation prior to classification, which is not the primary focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What works improved the descriptive ability of VLM by using a stronger text encoder or visual encoder?\nTitle: BLIP-2: Bootstrapping Language-Image Pre-training with Frozen Image Encoders and Large Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract The cost of vision-and-language pre-training has become increasingly prohibitive due to end-to-end training of large-scale models. This paper proposes BLIP-2, a generic and efficient pre-training strategy that bootstraps vision-language pre-training from off-the-shelf frozen pre-trained image encoders and frozen large language models. BLIP-2 bridges the modality gap with a lightweight Querying Transformer, which is pre-trained in two stages. The first stage bootstraps vision-language representation learning from a frozen image encoder. The second stage bootstraps vision-to-language generative learning from a frozen language model. BLIP-2 achieves state-of-the-art performance on various vision-language tasks, despite having significantly fewer trainable parameters than existing methods. For example, our model outperforms Flamingo80B by 8.7% on zero-shot VQAv2 with 54x fewer trainable parameters. We also demonstrate the model’s emerging capabilities of zero-shot image-to-text generation that can follow natural language instructions. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"BLIP-2: Bootstrapping Language-Image Pre-training with Frozen Image Encoders and Large Language Models\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses improving vision-language models (VLMs) by leveraging frozen pre-trained image encoders and large language models, it does not specifically focus on evaluating how using a *stronger* text encoder or visual encoder improves the descriptive ability of VLMs. Instead, the paper emphasizes a pre-training strategy that bridges the modality gap using a lightweight Querying Transformer and achieves efficiency by utilizing frozen components. The user query explicitly seeks insights into the effects of stronger text or visual encoders on descriptive ability, which is not the primary focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you tell me about some works that focus on automated hyper-parameter setting in the field of AutoML?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the abstract are not available or detailed enough to determine whether it focuses on automated hyper-parameter setting in the field of AutoML. The title does not provide any indication of relevance to the query, and without further content or context, it cannot be confirmed that the paper satisfies the user's request."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work trains video diffusion models on paired text-video datasets for video generation?\nTitle: Structure and Content-Guided Video Synthesis with Diffusion Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Text-guided generative diffusion models unlock powerful image creation and editing tools. While these have been extended to video generation, current approaches that edit the content of existing footage while retaining structure require expensive re-training for every input or rely on error-prone propagation of image edits across frames. In this work, we present a structure and content-guided video diffusion model that edits videos based on visual or textual descriptions of the desired output. Conflicts between user-provided content edits and structure representations occur due to insufficient disentanglement between the two aspects. As a solution, we show that training on monocular depth estimates with varying levels of detail provides control over structure and content fidelity. Our model is trained jointly on images and videos which also exposes explicit control of temporal consistency through a novel guidance method. Our experiments demonstrate a wide variety of successes; fine-grained control over output characteristics, customization based on a few reference images, and a strong user preference towards results by our model. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Structure and Content-Guided Video Synthesis with Diffusion Models,\" does not explicitly mention training video diffusion models on paired text-video datasets for video generation. Instead, the paper focuses on editing videos based on visual or textual descriptions and addresses issues like structure-content disentanglement and temporal consistency. While it discusses training on images and videos, there is no clear indication that the training involves paired text-video datasets specifically for video generation, as required by the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies aimed at measuring hallucination in Multimodal LLMs?\nTitle: Object Hallucination in Image Captioning\nAbstract:  Abstract Despite continuously improving performance, contemporary image captioning models are prone to “hallucinating” objects that are not actually in a scene. One problem is that standard metrics only measure similarity to ground truth captions and may not fully capture image relevance. In this work, we propose a new image relevance metric to evaluate current models with veridical visual labels and assess their rate of object hallucination. We analyze how captioning model architectures and learning objectives contribute to object hallucination, explore when hallucination is likely due to image misclassification or language priors, and assess how well current sentence metrics capture object hallucination. We investigate these questions on the standard image captioning benchmark, MSCOCO, using a diverse set of models. Our analysis yields several interesting findings, including that models which score best on standard sentence metrics do not always have lower hallucination and that models which hallucinate more tend to make errors driven by language priors. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on measuring hallucination in image captioning models, which are a specific type of multimodal model. However, the user query explicitly asks about studies aimed at measuring hallucination in Multimodal Large Language Models (LLMs). While the paper does address hallucination in a multimodal context (image captioning), it does not explicitly target or study hallucination in Multimodal LLMs, which typically involve advanced models combining text and other modalities (e.g., vision, audio) in a broader and more generalizable way. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discuss methods for backpropagating image-space photometric error in relation to 3D scene representations?\nTitle: Neural Volumes: Learning Dynamic Renderable Volumes from Images\nAbstract:  Abstract. Modeling and rendering of dynamic scenes is challenging, as natural scenes often contain complex phenomena such as thin structures, evolving topology, translucency, scattering, occlusion, and biological motion. Mesh-based reconstruction and tracking often fail in these cases, and other approaches (e.g., light field video) typically rely on constrained viewing conditions, which limit interactivity. We circumvent these difficulties by presenting a learning-based approach to representing dynamic objects inspired by the integral projection model used in tomographic imaging. The approach is supervised directly from 2D images in a multi-view capture setting and does not require explicit reconstruction or tracking of the object. Our method has two primary components: an encoder-decoder network that transforms input images into a 3D volume representation, and a differentiable ray-marching operation that enables end-to-end training. By virtue of its 3D representation, our construction extrapolates better to novel viewpoints compared to screen-space rendering techniques. The encoder-decoder architecture learns a latent representation of a dynamic scene that enables us to produce novel content sequences not seen during training. To overcome memory limitations of voxel-based representations, we learn a dynamic irregular grid structure implemented with a warp field during ray-marching. This structure greatly improves the apparent resolution and reduces grid-like artifacts and jagged motion. Finally, we demonstrate how to incorporate surface-based representations into our volumetric-learning framework for applications where the highest resolution is required, using facial performance capture as a case in point. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Neural Volumes: Learning Dynamic Renderable Volumes from Images\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses a learning-based approach to representing dynamic 3D objects and mentions the use of differentiable ray-marching for end-to-end training, it does not explicitly focus on or discuss methods for backpropagating image-space photometric error in relation to 3D scene representations. The abstract primarily emphasizes the encoder-decoder network, dynamic volumetric representation, and ray-marching, but it does not address the specific topic of photometric error backpropagation, which is central to the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research papers have looked into using a coarse-to-fine strategy with spatial propagation networks in depth enhancement?\nTitle: Learning Affinity via Spatial Propagation Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper, we propose spatial propagation networks for learning the affinity matrix for vision tasks. We show that by constructing a row/column linear propagation model, the spatially varying transformation matrix exactly constitutes an affinity matrix that models dense, global pairwise relationships of an image. Specifically, we develop a three-way connection for the linear propagation model, which (a) formulates a sparse transformation matrix, where all elements can be the output from a deep CNN, but (b) results in a dense affinity matrix that effectively models any task-specific pairwise similarity matrix. Instead of designing the similarity kernels according to image features of two points, we can directly output all the similarities in a purely data-driven manner. The spatial propagation network is a generic framework that can be applied to many affinity-related tasks, including but not limited to image matting, segmentation and colorization, to name a few. Essentially, the model can learn semantically-aware affinity values for high-level vision tasks due to the powerful learning capability of the deep neural network classifier. We validate the framework on the task of refinement for image segmentation boundaries. Experiments on the HELEN face parsing and PASCAL VOC-2012 semantic segmentation tasks show that the spatial propagation network provides a general, effective and efficient solution for generating high-quality segmentation results. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Learning Affinity via Spatial Propagation Networks,\" focuses on the development and application of spatial propagation networks for learning affinity matrices in vision tasks such as image matting, segmentation, and colorization. While it introduces a generic framework for affinity-related tasks, the paper does not explicitly address the use of a **coarse-to-fine strategy** or the application of spatial propagation networks in the specific context of **depth enhancement**. The user query specifically requires research papers that combine these two aspects, which are not discussed in the abstract of the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers explore how GNNs process input graph structure?\nTitle: A Fair Comparison of Graph Neural Networks for Graph Classification\nAbstract:  Abstract Experimental reproducibility and replicability are critical topics in machine learning. Authors have often raised concerns about their lack in scientific publications to improve the quality of the field. Recently, the graph representation learning field has attracted the attention of a wide research community, which resulted in a large stream of works. As such, several Graph Neural Network models have been developed to effectively tackle graph classification. However, experimental procedures often lack rigorousness and are hardly reproducible. Motivated by this, we provide an overview of common practices that should be avoided to fairly compare with the state of the art. To counter this troubling trend, we ran more than 47000 experiments in a controlled and uniform framework to re-evaluate five popular models across nine common benchmarks. Moreover, by comparing GNNs with structure-agnostic baselines we provide convincing evidence that, on some datasets, structural information has not been exploited yet. We believe that this work can contribute to the development of the graph learning field, by providing a much needed grounding for rigorous evaluations of graph classification models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"A Fair Comparison of Graph Neural Networks for Graph Classification\" primarily focuses on the reproducibility and rigorous evaluation of GNN models for graph classification tasks. While it mentions comparing GNNs with structure-agnostic baselines and notes that structural information may not have been exploited in some datasets, the paper does not explicitly explore how GNNs process input graph structure. The primary aim is to ensure fair comparisons and reproducible experiments rather than delving into the mechanisms by which GNNs handle graph structures. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research papers have discussed rotation invariance through canonicalization of the local frame?\nTitle: Self-Supervised Equivariant Learning for Oriented Keypoint Detection\nAbstract:  Abstract Detecting robust keypoints from an image is an integral part of many computer vision problems, and the characteristic orientation and scale of keypoints play an important role for keypoint description and matching. Existing learning-based methods for keypoint detection rely on standard translation-equivariant CNNs but often fail to detect reliable keypoints against geometric variations. To learn to detect robust oriented keypoints, we introduce a self-supervised learning framework using rotation-equivariant CNNs. We propose a dense orientation alignment loss by an image pair generated by synthetic transformations for training a histogram-based orientation map. Our method outperforms the previous methods on an image matching benchmark and a camera pose estimation benchmark. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on using rotation-equivariant CNNs and a self-supervised learning framework to detect robust oriented keypoints. While it discusses rotation equivariance and orientation alignment, it does not explicitly address rotation invariance through the canonicalization of the local frame. Canonicalization of the local frame typically involves transforming or aligning a local region to a canonical orientation to achieve rotation invariance, which is not explicitly mentioned or described in the abstract of the searched paper. Instead, the paper emphasizes learning robust keypoints and orientation alignment using rotation-equivariant networks, which is related but not the same as the specific concept of canonicalizing the local frame for rotation invariance."}
{"input": "User Query: What research has been conducted on the guided diffusion approach for tasks such as image super-resolution, colorization, deblurring, and style transfer?\nTitle: Diffusion-based Image Translation using Disentangled Style and Content Representation\nAbstract:  Abstract Diffusion-based image translation guided by semantic texts or a single target image has enabled flexible style transfer which is not limited to the specific domains. Unfortunately, due to the stochastic nature of diffusion models, it is often difficult to maintain the original content of the image during the reverse diffusion. To address this, here we present a novel diffusion-based unsupervised image translation method, dubbed as DiffuseIT, using disentangled style and content representation. Specifically, inspired by the slicing Vision Transformer (Tumanyan et al., 2022), we extract intermediate keys of multihead self attention layer from ViT model and used them as the content preservation loss. Then, an image guided style transfer is performed by matching the [CLS] classification token from the denoised samples and target image, whereas additional CLIP loss is used for the text-driven style transfer. To further accelerate the semantic change during the reverse diffusion, we also propose a novel semantic divergence loss and resampling strategy. Our experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art baseline models in both text-guided and image-guided translation tasks.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper focuses on a guided diffusion approach for image translation and style transfer, it does not address tasks such as image super-resolution, colorization, or deblurring, which are explicitly mentioned in the user query. The paper primarily discusses style transfer using disentangled style and content representation and does not provide research or results on the other tasks specified in the query. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies benefit from a pretrained text model in sign language translation?\nTitle: YouTube-ASL: A Large-Scale, Open-Domain American Sign Language-English Parallel Corpus\nAbstract:  Abstract Machine learning for sign languages is bottlenecked by data. In this paper, we present YouTube-ASL, a large-scale, open-domain corpus of American Sign Language (ASL) videos and accompanying English captions drawn from YouTube. With ~1000 hours of videos and >2500 unique signers, YouTube-ASL is ~3x as large and has ~10x as many unique signers as the largest prior ASL dataset. We train baseline models for ASL to English translation on YouTube-ASL and evaluate them on How2Sign, where we achieve a new finetuned state of the art of 12.39 BLEU and, for the first time, report zero-shot results. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"YouTube-ASL: A Large-Scale, Open-Domain American Sign Language-English Parallel Corpus\" primarily focuses on the creation of a large-scale ASL-English dataset and the training of baseline models for ASL-to-English translation. While it mentions achieving state-of-the-art results and reporting zero-shot performance, the paper does not explicitly discuss or evaluate the benefits of using a pretrained text model in sign language translation. The user query specifically asks for studies that explore the benefits of pretrained text models in this context, which this paper does not directly address. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works that explored efficient exploration methods relying on the prediction disagreement of a forward dynamics model?\nTitle: Incentivizing Exploration In Reinforcement Learning With Deep Predictive Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Achieving efficient and scalable exploration in complex domains poses a major challenge in reinforcement learning. While Bayesian and PAC-MDP approaches to the exploration problem offer strong formal guarantees, they are often impractical in higher dimensions due to their reliance on enumerating the state-action space. Hence, exploration in complex domains is often performed with simple epsilon-greedy methods. In this paper, we consider the challenging Atari games domain, which requires processing raw pixel inputs and delayed rewards. We evaluate several more sophisticated exploration strategies, including Thompson sampling and Boltzman exploration, and propose a new exploration method based on assigning exploration bonuses from a concurrently learned model of the system dynamics. By parameterizing our learned model with a neural network, we are able to develop a scalable and efficient approach to exploration bonuses that can be applied to tasks with complex, high-dimensional state spaces. In the Atari domain, our method provides the most consistent improvement across a range of games that pose a major challenge for prior methods. In addition to raw game-scores, we also develop an AUC-100 metric for the Atari Learning domain to evaluate the impact of exploration on this benchmark. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Incentivizing Exploration In Reinforcement Learning With Deep Predictive Models\" does not explicitly explore efficient exploration methods relying on the *prediction disagreement* of a forward dynamics model. While the paper does propose an exploration method based on assigning exploration bonuses from a learned model of system dynamics, it does not mention the use of *prediction disagreement* as the specific mechanism for exploration. Instead, the focus is on using a neural network to parameterize the dynamics model and assign exploration bonuses, which is a broader approach. The query specifically asks about leveraging the *disagreement* between predictions of a forward dynamics model, which is not explicitly addressed in the paper's abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies in which optimization tricks were employed to tackle non-convex optimization problems caused by data-dependent regularization\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the abstract are not provided in the query, leaving no evidence or content to evaluate whether the paper satisfies the requirements. Without specific details on the paper's content, methodology, or focus, it is impossible to determine if it addresses optimization tricks for non-convex optimization problems caused by data-dependent regularization. Therefore, the paper cannot be confirmed as meeting the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers studied the use of Periodic functions and grid features in Implicit Neural Representations (INRs)?\nTitle: NeRF: Representing Scenes as Neural Radiance Fields for View Synthesis\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a method that achieves state-of-the-art results for synthesizing novel views of complex scenes by optimizing an underlying continuous volumetric scene function using a sparse set of input views. Our algorithm represents a scene using a fully-connected (non-convolutional) deep network, whose input is a single continuous 5D coordinate (spatial location (x,y,z)𝑥𝑦𝑧(x,y,z) and viewing direction (θ,ϕ)𝜃italic-ϕ(\\theta,\\phi)) and whose output is the volume density and view-dependent emitted radiance at that spatial location. We synthesize views by querying 5D coordinates along camera rays and use classic volume rendering techniques to project the output colors and densities into an image. Because volume rendering is naturally differentiable, the only input required to optimize our representation is a set of images with known camera poses. We describe how to effectively optimize neural radiance fields to render photorealistic novel views of scenes with complicated geometry and appearance, and demonstrate results that outperform prior work on neural rendering and view synthesis. View synthesis results are best viewed as videos, so we urge readers to view our supplementary video for convincing comparisons. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"NeRF: Representing Scenes as Neural Radiance Fields for View Synthesis\" does not explicitly study the use of periodic functions or grid features in Implicit Neural Representations (INRs). While NeRF represents scenes as continuous volumetric functions using neural networks, it does not incorporate periodic functions (e.g., sinusoidal activations) or grid-based features as part of its methodology. Instead, NeRF focuses on representing scenes using a fully-connected network that maps 5D coordinates (spatial location and viewing direction) to radiance and density, optimized for view synthesis. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you list the studies that used vision transformers incorporating attention mechanisms to predict input-adaptive attention values?\nTitle: Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer using Shifted Windows\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper presents a new vision Transformer, called Swin Transformer, that capably serves as a general-purpose backbone for computer vision. Challenges in adapting Transformer from language to vision arise from differences between the two domains, such as large variations in the scale of visual entities and the high resolution of pixels in images compared to words in text. To address these differences, we propose a hierarchical Transformer whose representation is computed with Shifted windows. The shifted windowing scheme brings greater efficiency by limiting self-attention computation to non-overlapping local windows while also allowing for cross-window connection. This hierarchical architecture has the flexibility to model at various scales and has linear computational complexity with respect to image size. These qualities of Swin Transformer make it compatible with a broad range of vision tasks, including image classification (87.3 top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K) and dense prediction tasks such as object detection (58.7 box AP and 51.1 mask AP on COCO test-dev) and semantic segmentation (53.5 mIoU on ADE20K val). Its performance surpasses the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin of +2.7 box AP and +2.6 mask AP on COCO, and +3.2 mIoU on ADE20K, demonstrating the potential of Transformer-based models as vision backbones. The hierarchical design and the shifted window approach also prove beneficial for all-MLP architectures. The code and models are publicly available at https://github.com/microsoft/Swin-Transformer. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The Swin Transformer paper does not explicitly address the prediction of input-adaptive attention values. While it incorporates attention mechanisms (via self-attention within shifted windows) as part of its hierarchical vision transformer design, the focus of the paper is on improving efficiency and scalability for vision tasks through the use of shifted window attention and hierarchical representations. The paper does not discuss or investigate the prediction of input-adaptive attention values, which is a specific requirement of the user query. Instead, the attention mechanism in Swin Transformer is used for feature extraction and modeling at various scales, rather than explicitly predicting attention values that adapt to the input."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you name some studies on deduplication and memorization analysis of large datasets?\nTitle: The ROOTS Search Tool: Data Transparency for LLMs\nAbstract:  Abstract ROOTS is a 1.6TB multilingual text corpus developed for the training of BLOOM, currently the largest language model explicitly accompanied by commensurate data governance efforts. In continuation of these efforts, we present the ROOTS Search Tool: a search engine over the entire ROOTS corpus offering both fuzzy and exact search capabilities. ROOTS is the largest corpus to date that can be investigated this way. The ROOTS Search Tool is open-sourced and available on Hugging Face Spaces. We describe our implementation and the possible use cases of our tool. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"The ROOTS Search Tool: Data Transparency for LLMs,\" primarily focuses on the development of a search tool for the ROOTS corpus, enabling data transparency and search capabilities. While the ROOTS corpus and its search tool could potentially be used for deduplication or memorization analysis, the paper itself does not explicitly address deduplication or memorization analysis of large datasets. The user query specifically asks for studies on deduplication and memorization analysis, and this paper does not directly satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works where Transformer-based applications have been successfully applied in different domains?\nTitle: A Time Series is Worth 64 Words: Long-term Forecasting with Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose an efficient design of Transformer-based models for multivariate time series forecasting and self-supervised representation learning. It is based on two key components: (i) segmentation of time series into subseries-level patches which are served as input tokens to Transformer; (ii) channel-independence where each channel contains a single univariate time series that shares the same embedding and Transformer weights across all the series. Patching design naturally has three-fold benefit: local semantic information is retained in the embedding; computation and memory usage of the attention maps are quadratically reduced given the same look-back window; and the model can attend longer history. Our channel-independent patch time series Transformer (PatchTST) can improve the long-term forecasting accuracy significantly when compared with that of SOTA Transformer-based models. We also apply our model to self-supervised pre-training tasks and attain excellent fine-tuning performance, which outperforms supervised training on large datasets. Transferring of masked pre-trained representation on one dataset to others also produces SOTA forecasting accuracy. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper demonstrates a successful application of Transformer-based models in the domain of multivariate time series forecasting and self-supervised representation learning, it focuses solely on this specific domain. The user query explicitly asks for works where Transformer-based applications have been successfully applied in *different domains*. This paper does not provide evidence or examples of applications across multiple distinct domains, and thus does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers have proposed methods for neural field editing that result in edited NeRF that is visually coherent and cross-view continuous?\nTitle: Neural Articulated Radiance Field\nAbstract:  Abstract We present Neural Articulated Radiance Field (NARF), a novel deformable 3D representation for articulated objects learned from images. While recent advances in 3D implicit representation have made it possible to learn models of complex objects, learning pose-controllable representations of articulated objects remains a challenge, as current methods require 3D shape supervision and are unable to render appearance. In formulating an implicit representation of 3D articulated objects, our method considers only the rigid transformation of the most relevant object part in solving for the radiance field at each 3D location. In this way, the proposed method represents pose-dependent changes without significantly increasing the computational complexity. NARF is fully differentiable and can be trained from images with pose annotations. Moreover, through the use of an autoencoder, it can learn appearance variations over multiple instances of an object class. Experiments show that the proposed method is efficient and can generalize well to novel poses. The code is available for research purposes at https://github.com/nogu-atsu/NARF. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Neural Articulated Radiance Field (NARF)\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper introduces a method for representing and rendering articulated objects using a neural radiance field (NeRF) approach, its primary focus is on learning pose-controllable representations of articulated objects and handling pose-dependent changes efficiently. The paper does not explicitly address **neural field editing** or propose methods for editing NeRFs to achieve **visually coherent and cross-view continuous results**. Instead, it focuses on pose control and appearance variations for articulated objects, which is a related but distinct problem from the specific task of neural field editing as described in the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works assume a threshold or a capacity for each arm in handling collisions in MPMAB model?\nTitle: Dynamic Spectrum Access using Stochastic Multi-User Bandits\nAbstract:  Abstract A stochastic multi-user multi-armed bandit framework is used to develop algorithms for uncoordinated spectrum access. In contrast to prior work, it is assumed that rewards can be non-zero even under collisions, thus allowing for the number of users to be greater than the number of channels. The proposed algorithm consists of an estimation phase and an allocation phase. It is shown that if every user adopts the algorithm, the system wide regret is order-optimal of order O​(log⁡T)𝑂𝑇O(\\log T) over a time-horizon of duration T𝑇T. The regret guarantees hold for both the cases where the number of users is greater than or less than the number of channels. The algorithm is extended to the dynamic case where the number of users in the system evolves over time, and is shown to lead to sub-linear regret. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses a stochastic multi-user multi-armed bandit (MPMAB) framework and considers non-zero rewards under collisions, it does not explicitly assume or define a threshold or capacity for each arm in handling collisions. The user query specifically seeks works that assume a threshold or capacity for each arm, which is not addressed in the abstract of the searched paper. Instead, the paper focuses on algorithms for uncoordinated spectrum access and their regret guarantees, without detailing any explicit capacity or threshold mechanism for the arms."}
{"input": "User Query: What research manipulates output probabilities of LLMs in the context of ICL?\nTitle: Noisy Channel Language Model Prompting for Few-Shot Text Classification\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce a noisy channel approach for language model prompting in few-shot text classification. Instead of computing the likelihood of the label given the input (referred as direct models), channel models compute the conditional probability of the input given the label, and are thereby required to explain every word in the input. We use channel models for recently proposed few-shot learning methods with no or very limited updates to the language model parameters, via either in-context demonstration or prompt tuning. Our experiments show that, for both methods, channel models significantly outperform their direct counterparts, which we attribute to their stability, i.e., lower variance and higher worst-case accuracy. We also present extensive ablations that provide recommendations for when to use channel prompt tuning instead of other competitive methods (e.g., direct head tuning): channel prompt tuning is preferred when the number of training examples is small, labels in the training data are imbalanced, or generalization to unseen labels is required. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Noisy Channel Language Model Prompting for Few-Shot Text Classification\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses a noisy channel approach and explores few-shot learning methods, including in-context learning (ICL), it does not explicitly focus on manipulating the output probabilities of large language models (LLMs) in the context of ICL. Instead, the paper emphasizes the use of channel models to compute the conditional probability of the input given the label, aiming to improve stability and performance in few-shot tasks. While this involves a different probabilistic framework, it does not directly address the manipulation of output probabilities of LLMs in the context of ICL as specified in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers talk about extending stationary Gaussian process kernels to the entire isometry group of Euclidean spaces?\nTitle: Equivariant Learning of Stochastic Fields: Gaussian Processes and Steerable Conditional Neural Processes\nAbstract:  Abstract Motivated by objects such as electric fields or fluid streams, we study the problem of learning stochastic fields, i.e. stochastic processes whose samples are fields like those occurring in physics and engineering. Considering general transformations such as rotations and reflections, we show that spatial invariance of stochastic fields requires an inference model to be equivariant. Leveraging recent advances from the equivariance literature, we study equivariance in two classes of models. Firstly, we fully characterise equivariant Gaussian processes. Secondly, we introduce Steerable Conditional Neural Processes (SteerCNPs), a new, fully equivariant member of the Neural Process family. In experiments with Gaussian process vector fields, images, and real-world weather data, we observe that SteerCNPs significantly improve the performance of previous models and equivariance leads to improvements in transfer learning tasks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Equivariant Learning of Stochastic Fields: Gaussian Processes and Steerable Conditional Neural Processes\" discusses equivariant Gaussian processes and their properties under transformations such as rotations and reflections, it does not specifically address the extension of stationary Gaussian process kernels to the entire isometry group of Euclidean spaces. The focus of the paper is on characterizing equivariance in Gaussian processes and introducing a new model (SteerCNPs) for learning stochastic fields, rather than explicitly extending stationary Gaussian process kernels to the isometry group. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers look at filtering out of domain data by training an out of domain classifier?\nTitle: OpenCoS: Contrastive Semi-supervised Learning for Handling Open-set Unlabeled Data\nAbstract:  Abstract Semi-supervised learning (SSL) has been a powerful strategy to incorporate few labels in learning better representations. In this paper, we focus on a practical scenario that one aims to apply SSL when unlabeled data may contain out-of-class samples - those that cannot have one-hot encoded labels from a closed-set of classes in label data, i.e., the unlabeled data is an open-set. Specifically, we introduce OpenCoS, a simple framework for handling this realistic semi-supervised learning scenario based upon a recent framework of self-supervised visual representation learning. We first observe that the out-of-class samples in the open-set unlabeled dataset can be identified effectively via self-supervised contrastive learning. Then, OpenCoS utilizes this information to overcome the failure modes in the existing state-of-the-art semi-supervised methods, by utilizing one-hot pseudo-labels and soft-labels for the identified in- and out-of-class unlabeled data, respectively. Our extensive experimental results show the effectiveness of OpenCoS under the presence of out-of-class samples, fixing up the state-of-the-art semi-supervised methods to be suitable for diverse scenarios involving open-set unlabeled data. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"OpenCoS: Contrastive Semi-supervised Learning for Handling Open-set Unlabeled Data\" addresses the problem of handling out-of-class samples in an open-set semi-supervised learning scenario, it does not explicitly focus on filtering out-of-domain data by training an out-of-domain classifier. Instead, the paper focuses on leveraging self-supervised contrastive learning to identify out-of-class samples and then uses this information to improve semi-supervised learning methods. The primary goal is to handle open-set unlabeled data effectively, not specifically to filter out-of-domain data using a dedicated out-of-domain classifier. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research introduced the phenomenon of knowledge distillation?\nTitle: Channel-wise Knowledge Distillation for Dense PredictionC. Shu and Y. Liu contributed equally. Accepted to Proc. Int. Conf. Computer Vision 2021. 1Shanghai Em-Data Technology Co. 2The University of Adelaide, Australia 3Monash University, Australia 4Baidu Inc.\nAbstract:  Abstract Knowledge distillation (KD) has been proven a simple and effective tool for training compact dense prediction models. Lightweight student networks are trained by extra supervision transferred from large teacher networks. Most previous KD variants for dense prediction tasks align the activation maps from the student and teacher network in the spatial domain, typically by normalizing the activation values on each spatial location and minimizing point-wise and/or pair-wise discrepancy. Different from the previous methods, here we propose to normalize the activation map of each channel to obtain a soft probability map. By simply minimizing the Kullback–Leibler (KL) divergence between the channel-wise probability map of the two networks, the distillation process pays more attention to the most salient regions of each channel, which are valuable for dense prediction tasks. We conduct experiments on a few dense prediction tasks, including semantic segmentation and object detection. Experiments demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art distillation methods considerably, and can require less computational cost during training. In particular, we improve the RetinaNet detector (ResNet50 backbone) by 3.4%percent3.43.4\\% in mAP on the COCO dataset, and PSPNet (ResNet18 backbone) by 5.81%percent5.815.81\\% in mIoU on the Cityscapes dataset. Code is available at: https://git.io/Distiller ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Channel-wise Knowledge Distillation for Dense Prediction,\" does not introduce the phenomenon of knowledge distillation. Instead, it builds upon the concept of knowledge distillation and proposes a novel method for applying it to dense prediction tasks. The phenomenon of knowledge distillation itself was first introduced in the seminal work by Geoffrey Hinton, Oriol Vinyals, and Jeff Dean in the paper titled \"Distilling the Knowledge in a Neural Network\" (2015). That paper laid the foundation for the concept of transferring knowledge from a large teacher model to a smaller student model. The searched paper focuses on a specific application and improvement of knowledge distillation, rather than introducing the phenomenon itself."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works first took the approach of training CNFs by reducing the likelihood of the training data?\nTitle: Neural Ordinary Differential Equations\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce a new family of deep neural network models. Instead of specifying a discrete sequence of hidden layers, we parameterize the derivative of the hidden state using a neural network. The output of the network is computed using a black-box differential equation solver. These continuous-depth models have constant memory cost, adapt their evaluation strategy to each input, and can explicitly trade numerical precision for speed. We demonstrate these properties in continuous-depth residual networks and continuous-time latent variable models. We also construct continuous normalizing flows, a generative model that can train by maximum likelihood, without partitioning or ordering the data dimensions. For training, we show how to scalably backpropagate through any ODE solver, without access to its internal operations. This allows end-to-end training of ODEs within larger models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Neural Ordinary Differential Equations,\" introduces continuous normalizing flows (CNFs) as a generative model and mentions training by maximum likelihood. However, the user query specifically asks for works that first took the approach of training CNFs by reducing the likelihood of the training data. The abstract does not explicitly state that this paper was the first to take such an approach, nor does it emphasize reducing the likelihood of the training data as the central focus of the work. While the paper discusses training CNFs, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query regarding being the first to adopt this specific approach."}
{"input": "User Query: What works build their framework using complete equivariant polynomial basis with the help of spherical harmonics and tensor product in the context of 3D GNNs?\nTitle: MACE: Higher Order Equivariant Message Passing Neural Networks for Fast and Accurate Force Fields\nAbstract: Creating fast and accurate force fields is a long-standing challenge in computational chemistry and materials science. Recently, several equivariant message passing neural networks (MPNNs) have been shown to outperform models built using other approaches in terms of accuracy. However, most MPNNs suffer from high computational cost and poor scalability. We propose that these limitations arise because MPNNs only pass two-body messages leading to a direct relationship between the number of layers and the expressivity of the network. In this work, we introduce MACE, a new equivariant MPNN model that uses higher body order messages. In particular, we show that using four-body messages reduces the required number of message passing iterations to just two, resulting in a fast and highly parallelizable model, reaching or exceeding state-of-the-art accuracy on the rMD17, 3BPA, and AcAc benchmark tasks. We also demonstrate that using higher order messages leads to an improved steepness of the learning curves.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"MACE: Higher Order Equivariant Message Passing Neural Networks for Fast and Accurate Force Fields\" does not explicitly state that it builds its framework using a **complete equivariant polynomial basis** with the help of **spherical harmonics** and **tensor products** in the context of 3D GNNs. While the paper discusses the use of higher-order equivariant message passing and mentions improvements in computational efficiency and accuracy, it does not provide evidence or details about leveraging a complete equivariant polynomial basis or explicitly employing spherical harmonics and tensor products as foundational components of its framework. The focus of the paper is on introducing higher-body order messages (e.g., four-body messages) to enhance the expressivity and efficiency of the model, rather than on the specific mathematical constructs mentioned in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide references about studies which proposed dynamics-aware offline Imitation Learning (IL) approaches?\nTitle: Of Moments and Matching: A Game-Theoretic Framework for Closing the Imitation Gap\nAbstract:  Abstract We provide a unifying view of a large family of previous imitation learning algorithms through the lens of moment matching. At its core, our classification scheme is based on whether the learner attempts to match (1) reward or (2) action-value moments of the expert’s behavior, with each option leading to differing algorithmic approaches. By considering adversarially chosen divergences between learner and expert behavior, we are able to derive bounds on policy performance that apply for all algorithms in each of these classes, the first to our knowledge. We also introduce the notion of moment recoverability, implicit in many previous analyses of imitation learning, which allows us to cleanly delineate how well each algorithmic family is able to mitigate compounding errors. We derive three novel algorithm templates (AdVIL, AdRIL, and DAeQuIL) with strong guarantees, simple implementation, and competitive empirical performance. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Of Moments and Matching: A Game-Theoretic Framework for Closing the Imitation Gap,\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. The user specifically asked for studies proposing *dynamics-aware offline imitation learning (IL) approaches*. While the abstract of the searched paper discusses a unifying framework for imitation learning through moment matching, it does not explicitly mention addressing dynamics-awareness or offline IL. Dynamics-aware IL typically involves approaches that account for the underlying system dynamics (e.g., transition models) in the learning process, and offline IL specifically deals with learning from a fixed dataset without interaction with the environment. The abstract does not provide evidence that the proposed algorithms (AdVIL, AdRIL, and DAeQuIL) are explicitly designed to handle dynamics-awareness or offline settings. Therefore, the paper does not meet the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you list down the papers where Transformers represent certain classes of fundamental algorithmic computations?\nTitle: Exploring Length Generalization in Large Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract The ability to extrapolate from short problem instances to longer ones is an important form of out-of-distribution generalization in reasoning tasks, and is crucial when learning from datasets where longer problem instances are rare. These include theorem proving, solving quantitative mathematics problems, and reading/summarizing novels. In this paper, we run careful empirical studies exploring the length generalization capabilities of transformer-based language models. We first establish that naively finetuning transformers on length generalization tasks shows significant generalization deficiencies independent of model scale. We then show that combining pretrained large language models’ in-context learning abilities with scratchpad prompting (asking the model to output solution steps before producing an answer) results in a dramatic improvement in length generalization. We run careful failure analyses on each of the learning modalities and identify common sources of mistakes that highlight opportunities in equipping language models with the ability to generalize to longer problems. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Exploring Length Generalization in Large Language Models,\" focuses on the length generalization capabilities of transformer-based language models in reasoning tasks. While it explores how transformers can generalize to longer problem instances and investigates techniques like scratchpad prompting, it does not explicitly address or analyze how transformers represent certain classes of fundamental algorithmic computations. The paper is more concerned with empirical studies on generalization and problem-solving strategies rather than the theoretical or algorithmic representation capabilities of transformers. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers introduced and developed the concept of knowledge distillation?\nTitle: Knowledge Distillation: A Survey\nAbstract:  Abstract In recent years, deep neural networks have been successful in both industry and academia, especially for computer vision tasks. The great success of deep learning is mainly due to its scalability to encode large-scale data and to maneuver billions of model parameters. However, it is a challenge to deploy these cumbersome deep models on devices with limited resources, e.g., mobile phones and embedded devices, not only because of the high computational complexity but also the large storage requirements. To this end, a variety of model compression and acceleration techniques have been developed. As a representative type of model compression and acceleration, knowledge distillation effectively learns a small student model from a large teacher model. It has received rapid increasing attention from the community. This paper provides a comprehensive survey of knowledge distillation from the perspectives of knowledge categories, training schemes, teacher-student architecture, distillation algorithms, performance comparison and applications. Furthermore, challenges in knowledge distillation are briefly reviewed and comments on future research are discussed and forwarded. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Knowledge Distillation: A Survey,\" is a survey paper that provides a comprehensive overview of the field of knowledge distillation, including its categories, training schemes, architectures, algorithms, and applications. However, it does not introduce or develop the concept of knowledge distillation itself. Instead, it reviews and synthesizes prior work in the field. The user query specifically asks for papers that *introduced and developed* the concept of knowledge distillation, which would require identifying foundational or seminal papers that first proposed and advanced the idea. Therefore, while this paper is valuable for understanding the broader context of knowledge distillation, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works propose inducing corruption robustness based on a Bayesian interpretation of dropout?\nTitle: Tackling covariate shift with node-based Bayesian neural networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Bayesian neural networks (BNNs) promise improved generalization under covariate shift by providing principled probabilistic representations of epistemic uncertainty. However, weight-based BNNs often struggle with high computational complexity of large-scale architectures and datasets. Node-based BNNs have recently been introduced as scalable alternatives, which induce epistemic uncertainty by multiplying each hidden node with latent random variables, while learning a point-estimate of the weights. In this paper, we interpret these latent noise variables as implicit representations of simple and domain-agnostic data perturbations during training, producing BNNs that perform well under covariate shift due to input corruptions. We observe that the diversity of the implicit corruptions depends on the entropy of the latent variables, and propose a straightforward approach to increase the entropy of these variables during training. We evaluate the method on out-of-distribution image classification benchmarks, and show improved uncertainty estimation of node-based BNNs under covariate shift due to input perturbations. As a side effect, the method also provides robustness against noisy training labels.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on node-based Bayesian neural networks (BNNs) and their robustness under covariate shift, particularly by interpreting latent noise variables as implicit data perturbations during training. While it discusses inducing robustness to input corruptions and improving uncertainty estimation, it does not specifically propose a method based on a Bayesian interpretation of dropout. Dropout is not explicitly mentioned or interpreted in the paper, and the focus is on node-based BNNs rather than dropout-based techniques. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: In the area of contrastive learning in NLP, what studies constructed positives and negatives through parallel corpora or other labeled data?\nTitle: Sentence-T5: Scalable Sentence Encoders from Pre-trained Text-to-Text Models\nAbstract:  Abstract We provide the first exploration of sentence embeddings from text-to-text transformers (T5). Sentence embeddings are broadly useful for language processing tasks. While T5 achieves impressive performance on language tasks cast as sequence-to-sequence mapping problems, it is unclear how to produce sentence embeddings from encoder-decoder models. We investigate three methods for extracting T5 sentence embeddings: two utilize only the T5 encoder and one uses the full T5 encoder-decoder model. To support our investigation, we establish a new sentence representation transfer benchmark, SentGLUE, which extends the SentEval toolkit to nine tasks from the GLUE benchmark (Wang et al., 2018). Our encoder-only models outperforms Sentence-BERT (Reimers and Gurevych, 2019) and SimCSE (Gao et al., 2021) sentence embeddings on both SentEval and SentGLUE transfer tasks, including semantic textual similarity (STS). Scaling up T5 from millions to billions of parameters is found to produce consistent further improvements. Finally, our encoder-decoder method achieves a new state-of-the-art on STS when using sentence embeddings.111Our models are released at https://tfhub.dev/google/collections/sentence-t5/1. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Sentence-T5: Scalable Sentence Encoders from Pre-trained Text-to-Text Models\" does not explicitly focus on contrastive learning or the construction of positives and negatives through parallel corpora or other labeled data. Instead, the paper explores methods for extracting sentence embeddings from T5 models and evaluates these embeddings on transfer tasks such as SentEval and SentGLUE. While it mentions semantic textual similarity (STS) tasks, which might involve labeled data, there is no indication that the study employs contrastive learning techniques or constructs positives and negatives using parallel corpora or labeled data as part of its methodology. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers showcase that large language models can automate some web-based tasks by introducing custom commands?\nTitle: WebGPT: Browser-assisted question-answering with human feedback\nAbstract:  Abstract We fine-tune GPT-3 to answer long-form questions using a text-based web-browsing environment, which allows the model to search and navigate the web. By setting up the task so that it can be performed by humans, we are able to train models on the task using imitation learning, and then optimize answer quality with human feedback. To make human evaluation of factual accuracy easier, models must collect references while browsing in support of their answers. We train and evaluate our models on ELI5, a dataset of questions asked by Reddit users. Our best model is obtained by fine-tuning GPT-3 using behavior cloning, and then performing rejection sampling against a reward model trained to predict human preferences. This model’s answers are preferred by humans 56% of the time to those of our human demonstrators, and 69% of the time to the highest-voted answer from Reddit. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the WebGPT paper demonstrates that large language models like GPT-3 can perform web-based tasks such as searching and navigating the web to answer questions, it does not explicitly showcase the introduction of **custom commands** for automating web-based tasks. The focus of the paper is on fine-tuning GPT-3 to answer long-form questions using a text-based web-browsing environment, leveraging imitation learning and human feedback to improve performance. However, the paper does not discuss or introduce a system of custom commands for task automation, which is a key requirement of the user query. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work empirically observed that the choice of h=g produces better sample generation quality for the generative process?\nTitle: Score-Based Generative Modeling through Stochastic Differential Equations\nAbstract:  Abstract Creating noise from data is easy; creating data from noise is generative modeling. We present a stochastic differential equation (SDE) that smoothly transforms a complex data distribution to a known prior distribution by slowly injecting noise, and a corresponding reverse-time SDE that transforms the prior distribution back into the data distribution by slowly removing the noise. Crucially, the reverse-time SDE depends only on the time-dependent gradient field (a.k.a., score) of the perturbed data distribution. By leveraging advances in score-based generative modeling, we can accurately estimate these scores with neural networks, and use numerical SDE solvers to generate samples. We show that this framework encapsulates previous approaches in score-based generative modeling and diffusion probabilistic modeling, allowing for new sampling procedures and new modeling capabilities. In particular, we introduce a predictor-corrector framework to correct errors in the evolution of the discretized reverse-time SDE. We also derive an equivalent neural ODE that samples from the same distribution as the SDE, but additionally enables exact likelihood computation, and improved sampling efficiency. In addition, we provide a new way to solve inverse problems with score-based models, as demonstrated with experiments on class-conditional generation, image inpainting, and colorization. Combined with multiple architectural improvements, we achieve record-breaking performance for unconditional image generation on CIFAR-10 with an Inception score of 9.89 and FID of 2.20, a competitive likelihood of 2.99 bits/dim, and demonstrate high fidelity generation of 1024×1024102410241024\\times 1024 images for the first time from a score-based generative model. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Score-Based Generative Modeling through Stochastic Differential Equations,\" does not explicitly address or empirically observe that the choice of \\( h = g \\) produces better sample generation quality for the generative process. While the paper discusses the use of stochastic differential equations (SDEs) and reverse-time SDEs for generative modeling, as well as improvements in sampling procedures and performance, it does not specifically mention or analyze the relationship between \\( h \\) and \\( g \\), or the impact of choosing \\( h = g \\) on sample generation quality. The user query requires a direct empirical observation of this specific choice, which is not satisfied by the content of the abstract provided."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper adopted permutation invariant training (PIT) to achieve successful results on separating arbitrary sounds with a fixed number of sources?\nTitle: Universal Sound Separation\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent deep learning approaches have achieved impressive performance on speech enhancement and separation tasks. However, these approaches have not been investigated for separating mixtures of arbitrary sounds of different types, a task we refer to as universal sound separation, and it is unknown how performance on speech tasks carries over to non-speech tasks. To study this question, we develop a dataset of mixtures containing arbitrary sounds, and use it to investigate the space of mask-based separation architectures, varying both the overall network architecture and the framewise analysis-synthesis basis for signal transformations. These network architectures include convolutional long short-term memory networks and time-dilated convolution stacks inspired by the recent success of time-domain enhancement networks like ConvTasNet. For the latter architecture, we also propose novel modifications that further improve separation performance. In terms of the framewise analysis-synthesis basis, we explore both a short-time Fourier transform (STFT) and a learnable basis, as used in ConvTasNet. For both of these bases, we also examine the effect of window size. In particular, for STFTs, we find that longer windows (25-50 ms) work best for speech/non-speech separation, while shorter windows (2.5 ms) work best for arbitrary sounds. For learnable bases, shorter windows (2.5 ms) work best on all tasks. Surprisingly, for universal sound separation, STFTs outperform learnable bases. Our best methods produce an improvement in scale-invariant signal-to-distortion ratio of over 13 dB for speech/non-speech separation and close to 10 dB for universal sound separation. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, *\"Universal Sound Separation,\"* does not explicitly mention the adoption of **permutation invariant training (PIT)** as a method for achieving successful results on separating arbitrary sounds with a fixed number of sources. While the paper discusses various architectures and techniques for universal sound separation, including mask-based separation architectures, convolutional long short-term memory networks, and time-dilated convolution stacks, it does not indicate the use of PIT. The user query specifically asks for a paper that adopts PIT for separating arbitrary sounds, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement based on the provided abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies unify the label mapping of detection datasets manually?\nTitle: Object Detection with a Unified Label Space from Multiple Datasets\nAbstract:  Abstract Given multiple datasets with different label spaces, the goal of this work is to train a single object detector predicting over the union of all the label spaces. The practical benefits of such an object detector are obvious and significant—application-relevant categories can be picked and merged form arbitrary existing datasets. However, naïve merging of datasets is not possible in this case, due to inconsistent object annotations. Consider an object category like faces that is annotated in one dataset, but is not annotated in another dataset, although the object itself appears in the latter’s images. Some categories, like face here, would thus be considered foreground in one dataset, but background in another. To address this challenge, we design a framework which works with such partial annotations, and we exploit a pseudo labeling approach that we adapt for our specific case. We propose loss functions that carefully integrate partial but correct annotations with complementary but noisy pseudo labels. Evaluation in the proposed novel setting requires full annotation on the test set. We collect the required annotations111Project page: http://www.nec-labs.com/~mas/UniDet This work was part of XZ’s internship at NEC Labs America. and define a new challenging experimental setup for this task based on existing public datasets. We show improved performances compared to competitive baselines and appropriate adaptations of existing work. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Object Detection with a Unified Label Space from Multiple Datasets\" does not fully satisfy the user query. The user query specifically asks about studies that focus on **manually unifying the label mapping of detection datasets**. However, the paper addresses the challenge of training an object detector over the union of multiple label spaces by leveraging a framework that handles partial annotations and employs a pseudo-labeling approach. While the paper discusses unifying label spaces, it does not focus on or describe a manual process for label mapping. Instead, it proposes an automated framework with loss functions and pseudo-labeling techniques to deal with inconsistent annotations. Therefore, the paper does not directly address the manual unification of label mappings as requested in the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Were there any works on dialogue state tracking that focused on modeling dependencies among slot values?\nTitle: Scaling Multi-Domain Dialogue State Tracking via Query Reformulation\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a novel approach to dialogue state tracking and referring expression resolution tasks. Successful contextual understanding of multi-turn spoken dialogues requires resolving referring expressions across turns and tracking the entities relevant to the conversation across turns. Tracking conversational state is particularly challenging in a multi-domain scenario when there exist multiple spoken language understanding (SLU) sub-systems, and each SLU sub-system operates on its domain-specific meaning representation. While previous approaches have addressed the disparate schema issue by learning candidate transformations of the meaning representation, in this paper, we instead model the reference resolution as a dialogue context-aware user query reformulation task —the dialog state is serialized to a sequence of natural language tokens representing the conversation. We develop our model for query reformulation using a pointer-generator network and a novel multi-task learning setup. In our experiments, we show a significant improvement in absolute F1 on an internal as well as a, soon to be released, public benchmark respectively. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Scaling Multi-Domain Dialogue State Tracking via Query Reformulation\" does not explicitly focus on modeling dependencies among slot values. Instead, the paper primarily addresses dialogue state tracking by reformulating user queries and resolving referring expressions using a pointer-generator network and multi-task learning. While it discusses tracking conversational state and contextual understanding, there is no explicit mention or emphasis on modeling dependencies or relationships among slot values, which is the specific focus of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some key studies on meta-learning in the context of automatically learning the weight for each sample?\nTitle: Learning to learn by gradient descent by gradient descent\nAbstract:  Abstract The move from hand-designed features to learned features in machine learning has been wildly successful. In spite of this, optimization algorithms are still designed by hand. In this paper we show how the design of an optimization algorithm can be cast as a learning problem, allowing the algorithm to learn to exploit structure in the problems of interest in an automatic way. Our learned algorithms, implemented by LSTMs, outperform generic, hand-designed competitors on the tasks for which they are trained, and also generalize well to new tasks with similar structure. We demonstrate this on a number of tasks, including simple convex problems, training neural networks, and styling images with neural art. ", "output": "False  \nReason: While the paper \"Learning to learn by gradient descent by gradient descent\" is a seminal work in the field of meta-learning and focuses on learning optimization algorithms using LSTMs, it does not specifically address the problem of **automatically learning the weight for each sample** in the context of meta-learning. The paper primarily focuses on learning optimization strategies for tasks such as training neural networks and solving convex problems, rather than assigning or learning weights for individual samples in a dataset. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have shown the effectiveness of Probe models in different domains like language, vision, relational tables, and science?\nTitle: Masked Autoencoders Are Scalable Vision Learners\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper shows that masked autoencoders (MAE) are scalable self-supervised learners for computer vision. Our MAE approach is simple: we mask random patches of the input image and reconstruct the missing pixels. It is based on two core designs. First, we develop an asymmetric encoder-decoder architecture, with an encoder that operates only on the visible subset of patches (without mask tokens), along with a lightweight decoder that reconstructs the original image from the latent representation and mask tokens. Second, we find that masking a high proportion of the input image, e.g., 75%, yields a nontrivial and meaningful self-supervisory task. Coupling these two designs enables us to train large models efficiently and effectively: we accelerate training (by 3×{\\times} or more) and improve accuracy. Our scalable approach allows for learning high-capacity models that generalize well: e.g., a vanilla ViT-Huge model achieves the best accuracy (87.8%) among methods that use only ImageNet-1K data. Transfer performance in downstream tasks outperforms supervised pre-training and shows promising scaling behavior. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Masked Autoencoders Are Scalable Vision Learners,\" focuses on masked autoencoders (MAE) as scalable self-supervised learning methods for computer vision. While it demonstrates the effectiveness of MAEs in the vision domain, it does not address probe models or their effectiveness in other domains such as language, relational tables, or science. The user query specifically seeks works that evaluate the effectiveness of probe models across multiple domains, which this paper does not cover. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works focus on 3D reconstruction from set of posed camera images using NeRF?\nTitle: Nerfies: Deformable Neural Radiance Fields\nAbstract:  Abstract We present the first method capable of photorealistically reconstructing deformable scenes using photos/videos captured casually from mobile phones. Our approach augments neural radiance fields (NeRF) by optimizing an additional continuous volumetric deformation field that warps each observed point into a canonical 5D NeRF. We observe that these NeRF-like deformation fields are prone to local minima, and propose a coarse-to-fine optimization method for coordinate-based models that allows for more robust optimization. By adapting principles from geometry processing and physical simulation to NeRF-like models, we propose an elastic regularization of the deformation field that further improves robustness. We show that our method can turn casually captured selfie photos/videos into deformable NeRF models that allow for photorealistic renderings of the subject from arbitrary viewpoints, which we dub “nerfies.” We evaluate our method by collecting time-synchronized data using a rig with two mobile phones, yielding train/validation images of the same pose at different viewpoints. We show that our method faithfully reconstructs non-rigidly deforming scenes and reproduces unseen views with high fidelity. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Nerfies: Deformable Neural Radiance Fields\" builds upon Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) and involves 3D reconstruction, its primary focus is on reconstructing *deformable* scenes, such as non-rigidly deforming objects or subjects, rather than static 3D reconstruction from a set of posed camera images. The method introduces a deformation field to handle non-rigid motion and emphasizes photorealistic rendering of deformable scenes. The user query specifically asks about works focusing on 3D reconstruction from posed camera images using NeRF, which typically refers to static scene reconstruction. Therefore, while related, this paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work considered reusing data from other tasks but assumes an oracle reward function for the new tasks?\nTitle: Conservative Data Sharing for Multi-Task Offline Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Offline reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms have shown promising results in domains where abundant pre-collected data is available. However, prior methods focus on solving individual problems from scratch with an offline dataset without considering how an offline RL agent can acquire multiple skills.  We argue that a natural use case of offline RL is in settings where we can pool large amounts of data collected in various scenarios for solving different tasks, and utilize all of this data to learn behaviors for all the tasks more effectively rather than training each one in isolation. However, sharing data across all tasks in multi-task offline RL performs surprisingly poorly in practice. Thorough empirical analysis, we find that sharing data can actually exacerbate the distributional shift between the learned policy and the dataset, which in turn can lead to divergence of the learned policy and poor performance. To address this challenge, we develop a simple technique for data-sharing in multi-task offline RL that routes data based on the improvement over the task-specific data. We call this approach conservative data sharing (CDS), and it can be applied with multiple single-task offline RL methods. On a range of challenging multi-task locomotion, navigation, and vision-based robotic manipulation problems, CDS achieves the best or comparable performance compared to prior offline multi-task RL methods and previous data sharing approaches. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Conservative Data Sharing for Multi-Task Offline Reinforcement Learning,\" focuses on reusing data from other tasks in a multi-task offline reinforcement learning setting. However, it does not explicitly state or assume the presence of an oracle reward function for the new tasks. Instead, the paper addresses challenges in data sharing across tasks, such as distributional shifts, and proposes a method (CDS) to improve performance by selectively sharing data based on task-specific improvements. The query specifically requires the assumption of an oracle reward function for the new tasks, which is not mentioned or implied in the abstract of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works on MoE modeling showing significantly reduced training energy and computation cost?\nTitle: DEMix Layers: Disentangling Domains for Modular Language Modeling\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce a new domain expert mixture (DEMix) layer that enables conditioning a language model (LM) on the domain of the input text. A DEMix layer is a collection of expert feedforward networks, each specialized to a domain, that makes the LM modular: experts can be mixed, added or removed after initial training. Extensive experiments with autoregressive transformer LMs (up to 1.3B parameters) show that DEMix layers reduce test-time perplexity, increase training efficiency, and enable rapid adaptation with little overhead. We show that mixing experts during inference, using a parameter-free weighted ensemble, allows the model to better generalize to heterogeneous or unseen domains. We also show that experts can be added to iteratively incorporate new domains without forgetting older ones, and that experts can be removed to restrict access to unwanted domains, without additional training. Overall, these results demonstrate benefits of explicitly conditioning on textual domains during language modeling. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"DEMix Layers: Disentangling Domains for Modular Language Modeling\" discusses the use of domain expert mixture (DEMix) layers in modular language modeling and mentions increased training efficiency, it does not explicitly focus on or provide significant evidence of *reduced training energy and computation cost*. The emphasis is more on modularity, domain adaptation, and test-time performance improvements (e.g., perplexity reduction, domain generalization). The user query specifically requests works on MoE (Mixture of Experts) modeling that demonstrate *significantly reduced training energy and computation cost*, which is not the primary focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide me with some studies that developed intrinsically interpretable machine learning models?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and its abstract are not available or detailed enough to evaluate whether it satisfies the user query. There is no evidence or information indicating that the paper focuses on developing intrinsically interpretable machine learning models. Therefore, it cannot be confirmed as relevant to the user's request."}
{"input": "User Query: What research have studied proximal causal inference to identify the value of the target policy in POMDPs?\nTitle: Semiparametric proximal causal inference\nAbstract: Skepticism about the assumption of no unmeasured confounding, also known as exchangeability, is often warranted in making causal inferences from observational data; because exchangeability hinges on an investigator's ability to accurately measure covariates that capture all potential sources of confounding. In practice, the most one can hope for is that covariate measurements are at best proxies of the true underlying confounding mechanism operating in a given observational study. In this paper, we consider the framework of proximal causal inference introduced by Miao et al. (2018); Tchetgen Tchetgen et al. (2020), which while explicitly acknowledging covariate measurements as imperfect proxies of confounding mechanisms, offers an opportunity to learn about causal effects in settings where exchangeability on the basis of measured covariates fails. We make a number of contributions to proximal inference including (i) an alternative set of conditions for nonparametric proximal identification of the average treatment effect; (ii) general semiparametric theory for proximal estimation of the average treatment effect including efficiency bounds for key semiparametric models of interest; (iii) a characterization of proximal doubly robust and locally efficient estimators of the average treatment effect. Moreover, we provide analogous identification and efficiency results for the average treatment effect on the treated. Our approach is illustrated via simulation studies and a data application on evaluating the effectiveness of right heart catheterization in the intensive care unit of critically ill patients.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Semiparametric proximal causal inference,\" focuses on the framework of proximal causal inference to address challenges related to unmeasured confounding in observational data. While it makes significant contributions to the field of causal inference, including identification and estimation of the average treatment effect, it does not address or study proximal causal inference in the context of Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes (POMDPs) or the identification of the value of a target policy in such settings. The user query specifically pertains to research on proximal causal inference applied to POMDPs, which is not covered in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work synthesizes images by composing subjects with random backgrounds?\nTitle: BLIP-Diffusion: Pre-trained Subject Representation for Controllable Text-to-Image Generation and Editing\nAbstract:  Abstract Subject-driven text-to-image generation models create novel renditions of an input subject based on text prompts. Existing models suffer from lengthy fine-tuning and difficulties preserving the subject fidelity. To overcome these limitations, we introduce BLIP-Diffusion, a new subject-driven image generation model that supports multimodal control which consumes inputs of subject images and text prompts. Unlike other subject-driven generation models, BLIP-Diffusion introduces a new multimodal encoder which is pre-trained to provide subject representation. We first pre-train the multimodal encoder following BLIP-2 to produce visual representation aligned with the text. Then we design a subject representation learning task which enables a diffusion model to leverage such visual representation and generates new subject renditions. Compared with previous methods such as DreamBooth, our model enables zero-shot subject-driven generation, and efficient fine-tuning for customized subject with up to 20x speedup. We also demonstrate that BLIP-Diffusion can be flexibly combined with existing techniques such as ControlNet and prompt-to-prompt to enable novel subject-driven generation and editing applications. Implementations will be made public. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"BLIP-Diffusion: Pre-trained Subject Representation for Controllable Text-to-Image Generation and Editing\" focuses on subject-driven text-to-image generation and editing, where the model creates new renditions of a subject based on text prompts. While it introduces a pre-trained multimodal encoder and supports subject-driven generation, the abstract does not explicitly mention synthesizing images by composing subjects with *random backgrounds*. The emphasis is on generating novel subject renditions and enabling multimodal control, but there is no clear indication that the model specifically addresses the task of combining subjects with random backgrounds. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work needs a Lipschitz loss while analyzing convex objectives?\nTitle: Fine-Grained Analysis of Stability and Generalization for Stochastic Gradient Descent1footnote 11footnote 1To appear in ICML 2020\nAbstract:  Abstract Recently there are a considerable amount of work devoted to the study of the algorithmic stability and generalization for stochastic gradient descent (SGD). However, the existing stability analysis requires to impose restrictive assumptions on the boundedness of gradients, smoothness and convexity of loss functions. In this paper, we provide a fine-grained analysis of stability and generalization for SGD by substantially relaxing these assumptions. Firstly, we establish stability and generalization for SGD by removing the existing bounded gradient assumptions. The key idea is the introduction of a new stability measure called on-average model stability, for which we develop novel bounds controlled by the risks of SGD iterates. This yields generalization bounds depending on the behavior of the best model, and leads to the first-ever-known fast bounds in the low-noise setting using stability approach. Secondly, the smoothness assumption is relaxed by considering loss functions with Hölder continuous (sub)gradients for which we show that optimal bounds are still achieved by balancing computation and stability. To our best knowledge, this gives the first-ever-known stability and generalization bounds for SGD with non-smooth loss functions (e.g., hinge loss). Finally, we study learning problems with (strongly) convex objectives but non-convex loss functions. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The paper focuses on analyzing the stability and generalization of stochastic gradient descent (SGD) under relaxed assumptions, including cases with non-smooth loss functions and non-convex loss functions for learning problems with (strongly) convex objectives. However, the paper does not explicitly address the requirement of a Lipschitz loss function while analyzing convex objectives. Instead, it discusses Hölder continuous gradients and other relaxed conditions, which are broader than Lipschitz continuity. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the specific requirement of analyzing convex objectives with a focus on Lipschitz loss functions."}
{"input": "User Query: What off-the-shelf inpainting method is utilized to fill in occluded contents?\nTitle: Resolution-robust Large Mask Inpainting with Fourier Convolutions\nAbstract:  Abstract ††footnotetext: Correspondence to Roman Suvorov windj007@gmail.com††footnotetext: ∗ The work is done while at Samsung AI Center Moscow Modern image inpainting systems, despite the significant progress, often struggle with large missing areas, complex geometric structures, and high-resolution images. We find that one of the main reasons for that is the lack of an effective receptive field in both the inpainting network and the loss function. To alleviate this issue, we propose a new method called large mask inpainting (LaMa). LaMa is based on i)i) a new inpainting network architecture that uses fast Fourier convolutions (FFCs), which have the image-wide receptive field; ii)ii) a high receptive field perceptual loss; iii)iii) large training masks, which unlocks the potential of the first two components. Our inpainting network improves the state-of-the-art across a range of datasets and achieves excellent performance even in challenging scenarios, e.g. completion of periodic structures. Our model generalizes surprisingly well to resolutions that are higher than those seen at train time, and achieves this at lower parameter&time costs than the competitive baselines. The code is available at https://github.com/saic-mdal/lama. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Resolution-robust Large Mask Inpainting with Fourier Convolutions\" does not fully satisfy the user's query. The user is specifically asking about an \"off-the-shelf inpainting method\" used to fill in occluded contents, which implies a pre-existing, readily available method. However, the paper introduces a novel inpainting method called LaMa, which is not an off-the-shelf method but rather a newly proposed approach. While the paper discusses the use of fast Fourier convolutions (FFCs) and other techniques within LaMa, it does not describe the utilization of an existing off-the-shelf inpainting method. Instead, it focuses on presenting a new architecture and methodology for inpainting tasks."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you tell me about the works where linear layers were used to project encoded image features to text token space?\nTitle: Visual Instruction Tuning\nAbstract:  Abstract Instruction tuning large language models (LLMs) using machine-generated instruction-following data has been shown to improve zero-shot capabilities on new tasks, but the idea is less explored in the multimodal field. We present the first attempt to use language-only GPT-4 to generate multimodal language-image instruction-following data. By instruction tuning on such generated data, we introduce LLaVA: Large Language and Vision Assistant, an end-to-end trained large multimodal model that connects a vision encoder and an LLM for general-purpose visual and language understanding. To facilitate future research on visual instruction following, we construct two evaluation benchmarks with diverse and challenging application-oriented tasks. Our experiments show that LLaVA demonstrates impressive multimodal chat abilities, sometimes exhibiting the behaviors of multimodal GPT-4 on unseen images/instructions, and yields a 85.1% relative score compared with GPT-4 on a synthetic multimodal instruction-following dataset. When fine-tuned on Science QA, the synergy of LLaVA and GPT-4 achieves a new state-of-the-art accuracy of 92.53%. We make GPT-4 generated visual instruction tuning data, our model, and code publicly available. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Visual Instruction Tuning\" primarily focuses on instruction tuning for multimodal models by connecting a vision encoder and a large language model (LLM) for visual and language understanding. While the paper discusses the integration of vision and language models, it does not explicitly mention the use of linear layers to project encoded image features to text token space. The abstract does not provide any details about the specific architectural components or techniques used for feature projection, such as linear layers for mapping image features to text token space. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies uncover the importance of subnetworks using pruning technique?\nTitle: Learning Structured Sparsity in Deep Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract High demand for computation resources severely hinders deployment of large-scale Deep Neural Networks (DNN) in resource constrained devices. In this work, we propose a Structured Sparsity Learning (SSL) method to regularize the structures (i.e., filters, channels, filter shapes, and layer depth) of DNNs. SSL can: (1) learn a compact structure from a bigger DNN to reduce computation cost; (2) obtain a hardware-friendly structured sparsity of DNN to efficiently accelerate the DNN’s evaluation. Experimental results show that SSL achieves on average 5.1×\\times and 3.1×\\times speedups of convolutional layer computation of AlexNet against CPU and GPU, respectively, with off-the-shelf libraries. These speedups are about twice speedups of non-structured sparsity; (3) regularize the DNN structure to improve classification accuracy. The results show that for CIFAR-10, regularization on layer depth can reduce 20 layers of a Deep Residual Network (ResNet) to 18 layers while improve the accuracy from 91.25% to 92.60%, which is still slightly higher than that of original ResNet with 32 layers. For AlexNet, structure regularization by SSL also reduces the error by ∼1%similar-toabsentpercent1\\sim{1\\%}. Our source code can be found at https://github.com/wenwei202/caffe/tree/scnn ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on the Structured Sparsity Learning (SSL) method, which is a technique for regularizing and optimizing the structure of deep neural networks (DNNs) to achieve structured sparsity. While it does involve pruning techniques to reduce computational costs and improve efficiency, the paper primarily emphasizes structured sparsity at a higher level (e.g., filters, channels, layer depth) rather than uncovering the importance of subnetworks. The user query specifically seeks studies that uncover the importance of subnetworks using pruning techniques, such as identifying and analyzing smaller subnetworks within a larger network that are critical for performance. This aspect is not explicitly addressed in the searched paper, making it an incomplete match for the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you list the sources that discuss Pixel diffusion models for images and videos?\nTitle: Deep Unsupervised Learning using Nonequilibrium Thermodynamics\nAbstract:  Abstract A central problem in machine learning involves modeling complex data-sets using highly flexible families of probability distributions in which learning, sampling, inference, and evaluation are still analytically or computationally tractable. Here, we develop an approach that simultaneously achieves both flexibility and tractability. The essential idea, inspired by non-equilibrium statistical physics, is to systematically and slowly destroy structure in a data distribution through an iterative forward diffusion process. We then learn a reverse diffusion process that restores structure in data, yielding a highly flexible and tractable generative model of the data. This approach allows us to rapidly learn, sample from, and evaluate probabilities in deep generative models with thousands of layers or time steps, as well as to compute conditional and posterior probabilities under the learned model. We additionally release an open source reference implementation of the algorithm. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Deep Unsupervised Learning using Nonequilibrium Thermodynamics,\" primarily discusses a generative modeling approach inspired by nonequilibrium thermodynamics and diffusion processes. While it introduces the concept of a forward diffusion process and reverse diffusion process, the paper does not specifically focus on \"pixel diffusion models for images and videos.\" The user query explicitly seeks sources that discuss pixel diffusion models in the context of images and videos, which is not the central or explicit focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research discusses the implementation of LSTM for the prediction of motion?\nTitle: IMUPoser: Full-Body Pose Estimation using IMUs in Phones, Watches, and Earbuds\nAbstract:  Abstract. Tracking body pose on-the-go could have powerful uses in fitness, mobile gaming, context-aware virtual assistants, and rehabilitation. However, users are unlikely to buy and wear special suits or sensor arrays to achieve this end. Instead, in this work, we explore the feasibility of estimating body pose using IMUs already in devices that many users own — namely smartphones, smartwatches, and earbuds. This approach has several challenges, including noisy data from low-cost commodity IMUs, and the fact that the number of instrumentation points on a user’s body is both sparse and in flux. Our pipeline receives whatever subset of IMU data is available, potentially from just a single device, and produces a best-guess pose. To evaluate our model, we created the IMUPoser Dataset, collected from 10 participants wearing or holding off-the-shelf consumer devices and across a variety of activity contexts. We provide a comprehensive evaluation of our system, benchmarking it on both our own and existing IMU datasets.   Figure 1. Real-time pose estimation (inset photos) powered by consumer mobile devices (listed in each photo) could have uses across many domains, including sports (A), rehabilitation (B), fitness (C), and transportation (D). Note also that IMUPoser is robust to occlusion (E) and lighting conditions (F). Abbreviation key: L-Left, R-Right, H-Hand, and P-Pocket.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"IMUPoser: Full-Body Pose Estimation using IMUs in Phones, Watches, and Earbuds\"* does not explicitly discuss the implementation of LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) for the prediction of motion. While the paper focuses on estimating body pose using IMU data from consumer devices, it does not mention the use of LSTM or any specific neural network architecture for motion prediction in its abstract. The abstract primarily highlights the challenges of sparse and noisy IMU data, the creation of the IMUPoser dataset, and the evaluation of their system, but it does not provide any indication that LSTM is part of their methodology. Therefore, this paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you specify the research that illustrates the application of large language models to various language tasks directly after pre-training?\nTitle: Beyond the Imitation Game: Quantifying and extrapolating the capabilities of language models\nAbstract:  Abstract Language models demonstrate both quantitative improvement and new qualitative capabilities with increasing scale. Despite their potentially transformative impact, these new capabilities are as yet poorly characterized. In order to inform future research, prepare for disruptive new model capabilities, and ameliorate socially harmful effects, it is vital that we understand the present and near-future capabilities and limitations of language models. To address this challenge, we introduce the Beyond the Imitation Game benchmark (BIG-bench). BIG-bench currently consists of 204 tasks, contributed by 450 authors across 132 institutions. Task topics are diverse, drawing problems from linguistics, childhood development, math, common-sense reasoning, biology, physics, social bias, software development, and beyond. BIG-bench focuses on tasks that are believed to be beyond the capabilities of current language models. We evaluate the behavior of OpenAI’s GPT models, Google-internal dense transformer architectures, and Switch-style sparse transformers on BIG-bench, across model sizes spanning millions to hundreds of billions of parameters. In addition, a team of human expert raters performed all tasks in order to provide a strong baseline. Findings include: model performance and calibration both improve with scale, but are poor in absolute terms (and when compared with rater performance); performance is remarkably similar across model classes, though with benefits from sparsity; tasks that improve gradually and predictably commonly involve a large knowledge or memorization component, whereas tasks that exhibit “breakthrough” behavior at a critical scale often involve multiple steps or components, or brittle metrics; social bias typically increases with scale in settings with ambiguous context, but this can be improved with prompting. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The paper \"Beyond the Imitation Game: Quantifying and extrapolating the capabilities of language models\" does not focus on the application of large language models to various language tasks *directly after pre-training*. Instead, it introduces the BIG-bench benchmark to evaluate the capabilities of language models across a wide range of challenging tasks, including linguistics, reasoning, and social bias. The paper primarily investigates the performance of models at different scales and architectures, as well as their behavior on tasks that are believed to be beyond the capabilities of current models. While it evaluates language models on various tasks, it does not specifically address the application of these models immediately after pre-training, nor does it focus on the transition from pre-training to task-specific applications."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works collected RGB motion datasets using marker-based or marker-less method?\nTitle: DiffuStereo: High Quality Human Reconstruction via Diffusion-based Stereo Using Sparse Cameras\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose DiffuStereo, a novel system using only sparse cameras (8 in this work) for high-quality 3D human reconstruction. At its core is a novel diffusion-based stereo module, which introduces diffusion models, a type of powerful generative models, into the iterative stereo matching network. To this end, we design a new diffusion kernel and additional stereo constraints to facilitate stereo matching and depth estimation in the network. We further present a multi-level stereo network architecture to handle high-resolution (up to 4k) inputs without requiring unaffordable memory footprint. Given a set of sparse-view color images of a human, the proposed multi-level diffusion-based stereo network can produce highly accurate depth maps, which are then converted into a high-quality 3D human model through an efficient multi-view fusion strategy. Overall, our method enables automatic reconstruction of human models with quality on par to high-end dense-view camera rigs, and this is achieved using a much more light-weight hardware setup. Experiments show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin both qualitatively and quantitatively. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper \"DiffuStereo: High Quality Human Reconstruction via Diffusion-based Stereo Using Sparse Cameras\" focuses on high-quality 3D human reconstruction using sparse cameras and a novel diffusion-based stereo module. While it discusses the use of sparse-view color images (RGB data) for depth estimation and 3D human modeling, it does not explicitly mention the collection of RGB motion datasets or the use of marker-based or marker-less methods for motion capture. The paper's primary focus is on depth estimation and 3D reconstruction, not on the collection of motion datasets. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies have called for finer-grain skin tone measurements within dermatology and for fairness in computer vision?\nTitle: Designing Disaggregated Evaluations of AI Systems: Choices, Considerations, and Tradeoffs\nAbstract:  Abstract. Disaggregated evaluations of AI systems, in which system performance is assessed and reported separately for different groups of people, are conceptually simple. However, their design involves a variety of choices. Some of these choices influence the results that will be obtained, and thus the conclusions that can be drawn; others influence the impacts—both beneficial and harmful—that a disaggregated evaluation will have on people, including the people whose data is used to conduct the evaluation. We argue that a deeper understanding of these choices will enable researchers and practitioners to design careful and conclusive disaggregated evaluations. We also argue that better documentation of these choices, along with the underlying considerations and tradeoffs that have been made, will help others when interpreting an evaluation’s results and conclusions. ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: The searched paper, \"Designing Disaggregated Evaluations of AI Systems: Choices, Considerations, and Tradeoffs,\" focuses on the design and considerations of disaggregated evaluations of AI systems, including the choices and tradeoffs involved in assessing system performance across different groups. While this topic is related to fairness in AI, the paper does not specifically address finer-grain skin tone measurements within dermatology or fairness in computer vision as it pertains to skin tone. The abstract does not mention skin tone, dermatology, or specific fairness concerns in computer vision related to skin tone granularity. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers can provide information about transformers in the field of segmentation?\nTitle: Attention Is All You Need\nAbstract:  Abstract The dominant sequence transduction models are based on complex recurrent or convolutional neural networks that include an encoder and a decoder. The best performing models also connect the encoder and decoder through an attention mechanism. We propose a new simple network architecture, the Transformer, based solely on attention mechanisms, dispensing with recurrence and convolutions entirely. Experiments on two machine translation tasks show these models to be superior in quality while being more parallelizable and requiring significantly less time to train. Our model achieves 28.4 BLEU on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, improving over the existing best results, including ensembles, by over 2 BLEU. On the WMT 2014 English-to-French translation task, our model establishes a new single-model state-of-the-art BLEU score of 41.8 after training for 3.5 days on eight GPUs, a small fraction of the training costs of the best models from the literature. We show that the Transformer generalizes well to other tasks by applying it successfully to English constituency parsing both with large and limited training data. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Attention Is All You Need\" is foundational in introducing the Transformer architecture, it primarily focuses on sequence transduction tasks such as machine translation and parsing. The paper does not specifically address the application of Transformers in the field of segmentation, which is the focus of the user query. The abstract and the content of the paper do not mention segmentation tasks or provide insights into how Transformers can be applied to such tasks. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me studies, that utilized self-supervised models in the efforts to find the best performing pre-trained model for each brain region of interest (ROI)?\nTitle: DINOv2: Learning Robust Visual Features without Supervision\nAbstract:  Abstract The recent breakthroughs in natural language processing for model pretraining on large quantities of data have opened the way for similar foundation models in computer vision. These models could greatly simplify the use of images in any system by producing general-purpose visual features, i.e., features that work across image distributions and tasks without finetuning. This work shows that existing pretraining methods, especially self-supervised methods, can produce such features if trained on enough curated data from diverse sources. We revisit existing approaches and combine different techniques to scale our pretraining in terms of data and model size. Most of the technical contributions aim at accelerating and stabilizing the training at scale. In terms of data, we propose an automatic pipeline to build a dedicated, diverse, and curated image dataset instead of uncurated data, as typically done in the self-supervised literature. In terms of models, we train a ViT model (Dosovitskiy et al., 2021) with 1B parameters and distill it into a series of smaller models that surpass the best available general-purpose features, OpenCLIP (Ilharco et al., 2021) on most of the benchmarks at image and pixel levels. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The paper \"DINOv2: Learning Robust Visual Features without Supervision\" focuses on developing self-supervised models for producing general-purpose visual features in computer vision. While it discusses self-supervised learning and pretraining methods, it does not address the specific application of identifying the best-performing pre-trained model for each brain region of interest (ROI). The paper is centered on visual features and image-related tasks, not neuroscience or brain-related research. Therefore, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What references describe the usage of graph convolutional neural network (GCN) and transformer architectures in improving non-parametric methods?\nTitle: Semi-Supervised Classification with Graph Convolutional Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a scalable approach for semi-supervised learning on graph-structured data that is based on an efficient variant of convolutional neural networks which operate directly on graphs. We motivate the choice of our convolutional architecture via a localized first-order approximation of spectral graph convolutions. Our model scales linearly in the number of graph edges and learns hidden layer representations that encode both local graph structure and features of nodes. In a number of experiments on citation networks and on a knowledge graph dataset we demonstrate that our approach outperforms related methods by a significant margin. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Semi-Supervised Classification with Graph Convolutional Networks\" focuses on the development and application of Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) for semi-supervised learning on graph-structured data. While the paper provides insights into GCNs and their performance on tasks like classification, it does not discuss or reference the usage of transformer architectures. Additionally, the paper does not explore the improvement of non-parametric methods, which is a key aspect of the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Do you have any examples of instruction-following models that have been successful to due recent datasets?\nTitle: LLaMA: Open and Efficient Foundation Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce LLaMA, a collection of foundation language models ranging from 7B to 65B parameters. We train our models on trillions of tokens, and show that it is possible to train state-of-the-art models using publicly available datasets exclusively, without resorting to proprietary and inaccessible datasets. In particular, LLaMA-13B outperforms GPT-3 (175B) on most benchmarks, and LLaMA-65B is competitive with the best models, Chinchilla-70B and PaLM-540B. We release all our models to the research community111https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper on LLaMA describes a collection of foundation language models trained on publicly available datasets. While it highlights the success of these models in achieving state-of-the-art performance on various benchmarks, it does not explicitly focus on instruction-following models or their success due to recent datasets. The user query specifically asks for examples of instruction-following models, which are a subset of language models fine-tuned or designed to follow user instructions effectively. The LLaMA paper does not address this specific aspect, as it primarily discusses general-purpose foundation models and their training on large-scale datasets."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you cite any works that proposed federated learning with heterogeneous client models to save both computation and communication?\nTitle: Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with Shared Resources for Inventory Management\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper, we consider the inventory management (IM) problem where we need to make replenishment decisions for a large number of stock keeping units (SKUs) to balance their supply and demand. In our setting, the constraint on the shared resources (such as the inventory capacity) couples the otherwise independent control for each SKU. We formulate the problem with this structure as Shared-Resource Stochastic Game (SRSG) and propose an efficient algorithm called Context-aware Decentralized PPO (CD-PPO). Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate that CD-PPO can accelerate the learning procedure and achieve better performance compared with standard MARL algorithms. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper titled \"Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with Shared Resources for Inventory Management\" does not propose federated learning with heterogeneous client models to save both computation and communication. Instead, it focuses on solving an inventory management problem using multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) techniques, specifically through a proposed algorithm called Context-aware Decentralized PPO (CD-PPO). The paper addresses shared-resource constraints in a stochastic game setting, but it does not discuss federated learning, heterogeneous client models, or methods to optimize computation and communication in a federated learning context. Therefore, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers focused on GANs that concentrate on network architectures or latent space?\nTitle: Untitled Document\nAbstract:  Abstract We present new benchmarks for evaluating code generation models: MBXP, Multilingual HumanEval, and MathQA-X. These datasets encompass over 10 programming languages and are generated using a scalable conversion framework that transpiles prompts and test cases from the original Python datasets into the corresponding data in the target language. With these benchmarks, we can assess the performance of code generation models in a multilingual context, uncovering the generalization ability of language models on out-of-domain languages, the advantages of multilingual models over monolingual ones, the potential of few-shot prompting to teach models new languages, and zero-shot translation capabilities, even in monolingual settings. Additionally, we utilize our code generation model for large-scale bootstrapping to obtain synthetic canonical solutions in various languages, which can be employed for other code-related evaluations, such as code insertion, robustness, or summarization tasks. Overall, our benchmarks represent a significant step towards a deeper understanding of language models' code generation abilities. We publicly release our code and datasets at https://github.com/amazon-research/mxeval. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper described in the abstract does not focus on GANs (Generative Adversarial Networks) or their network architectures or latent space. Instead, it is centered on benchmarks for evaluating code generation models in a multilingual context. The abstract discusses datasets, code generation, multilingual capabilities, and evaluation frameworks for language models, which are unrelated to GANs or their architectural or latent space aspects. Therefore, it does not satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work introduced the utilization of Generative Adversarial Network in ZSD?\nTitle: 0.1 Generative adversarial networks\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"0.1 Generative adversarial networks\" does not explicitly address the utilization of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in Zero-Shot Detection (ZSD). The abstract provided does not mention ZSD or its application, and there is no evidence that this work introduced GANs specifically for ZSD. The user query specifically asks for the work that introduced GANs in the context of ZSD, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies discuss about policy gradient methods for non-potential game settings?\nTitle: Policy Optimization for Markov Games: Unified Framework and Faster Convergence\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper studies policy optimization algorithms for multi-agent reinforcement learning. We begin by proposing an algorithm framework for two-player zero-sum Markov Games in the full-information setting, where each iteration consists of a policy update step at each state using a certain matrix game algorithm, and a value update step with a certain learning rate. This framework unifies many existing and new policy optimization algorithms. We show that the state-wise average policy of this algorithm converges to an approximate Nash equilibrium (NE) of the game, as long as the matrix game algorithms achieve low weighted regret at each state, with respect to weights determined by the speed of the value updates. Next, we show that this framework instantiated with the Optimistic Follow-The-Regularized-Leader (OFTRL) algorithm at each state (and smooth value updates) can find an 𝒪~​(T−5/6)~𝒪superscript𝑇56\\mathcal{\\widetilde{O}}(T^{-5/6}) approximate NE in T𝑇T iterations, and a similar algorithm with slightly modified value update rule achieves a faster 𝒪~​(T−1)~𝒪superscript𝑇1\\mathcal{\\widetilde{O}}(T^{-1}) convergence rate. These improve over the current best 𝒪~​(T−1/2)~𝒪superscript𝑇12\\mathcal{\\widetilde{O}}(T^{-1/2}) rate of symmetric policy optimization type algorithms. We also extend this algorithm to multi-player general-sum Markov Games and show an 𝒪~​(T−3/4)~𝒪superscript𝑇34\\mathcal{\\widetilde{O}}(T^{-3/4}) convergence rate to Coarse Correlated Equilibria (CCE). Finally, we provide a numerical example to verify our theory and investigate the importance of smooth value updates, and find that using “eage” value updates instead (equivalent to the independent natural policy gradient algorithm) may significantly slow down the convergence, even on a simple game with H=2𝐻2H=2 layers. ", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The searched paper primarily focuses on policy optimization algorithms for Markov Games, specifically in the context of two-player zero-sum games and multi-player general-sum games. While it does discuss policy optimization methods and their convergence properties, it does not explicitly focus on policy gradient methods for non-potential game settings. The paper emphasizes algorithms such as Optimistic Follow-The-Regularized-Leader (OFTRL) and their convergence to Nash equilibria or Coarse Correlated Equilibria, but it does not delve into the specific use or analysis of policy gradient methods in non-potential games. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which libraries excel in areas of hyperparameter sampling, input warping and parallel optimization in Bayesian Optimization?\nTitle: Practical Bayesian Optimization of Machine Learning Algorithms\nAbstract:  Abstract Machine learning algorithms frequently require careful tuning of model hyperparameters, regularization terms, and optimization parameters. Unfortunately, this tuning is often a “black art” that requires expert experience, unwritten rules of thumb, or sometimes brute-force search. Much more appealing is the idea of developing automatic approaches which can optimize the performance of a given learning algorithm to the task at hand. In this work, we consider the automatic tuning problem within the framework of Bayesian optimization, in which a learning algorithm’s generalization performance is modeled as a sample from a Gaussian process (GP). The tractable posterior distribution induced by the GP leads to efficient use of the information gathered by previous experiments, enabling optimal choices about what parameters to try next. Here we show how the effects of the Gaussian process prior and the associated inference procedure can have a large impact on the success or failure of Bayesian optimization. We show that thoughtful choices can lead to results that exceed expert-level performance in tuning machine learning algorithms. We also describe new algorithms that take into account the variable cost (duration) of learning experiments and that can leverage the presence of multiple cores for parallel experimentation. We show that these proposed algorithms improve on previous automatic procedures and can reach or surpass human expert-level optimization on a diverse set of contemporary algorithms including latent Dirichlet allocation, structured SVMs and convolutional neural networks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled *\"Practical Bayesian Optimization of Machine Learning Algorithms\"* discusses Bayesian optimization and introduces new algorithms that account for variable costs and parallel experimentation, it does not specifically address or evaluate libraries that excel in hyperparameter sampling, input warping, and parallel optimization. The paper focuses on the theoretical and algorithmic advancements in Bayesian optimization and demonstrates their application to machine learning tasks, but it does not provide a detailed comparison or evaluation of libraries in these areas. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query, which explicitly seeks information about libraries excelling in these specific aspects of Bayesian optimization."}
{"input": "User Query: Many studies have conducted research on various approaches for weight quantization. Can you list these studies?\nTitle: Quantization and Training of Neural Networks for Efficient Integer-Arithmetic-Only Inference\nAbstract:  Abstract The rising popularity of intelligent mobile devices and the daunting computational cost of deep learning-based models call for efficient and accurate on-device inference schemes. We propose a quantization scheme that allows inference to be carried out using integer-only arithmetic, which can be implemented more efficiently than floating point inference on commonly available integer-only hardware. We also co-design a training procedure to preserve end-to-end model accuracy post quantization. As a result, the proposed quantization scheme improves the tradeoff between accuracy and on-device latency. The improvements are significant even on MobileNets, a model family known for run-time efficiency, and are demonstrated in ImageNet classification and COCO detection on popular CPUs. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on proposing a specific quantization scheme and co-designed training procedure for efficient integer-arithmetic-only inference. While it discusses a particular approach to weight quantization, it does not aim to comprehensively list or review various studies or approaches on weight quantization, as requested in the user query. The user query seeks a broader survey or listing of multiple studies on weight quantization, which this paper does not provide."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me the paper that proposed incentivizing crowdworkers to produce accurate labels by paying more if their label gets better predicted?\nTitle: Optimum Statistical Estimation with Strategic Data Sources\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose an optimum mechanism for providing monetary incentives to the data sources of a statistical estimator such as linear regression, so that high quality data is provided at low cost, in the sense that the weighted sum of payments and estimation error is minimized. The mechanism applies to a broad range of estimators, including linear and polynomial regression, kernel regression, and, under some additional assumptions, ridge regression. It also generalizes to several objectives, including minimizing estimation error subject to budget constraints. Besides our concrete results for regression problems, we contribute a mechanism design framework through which to design and analyze statistical estimators whose examples are supplied by workers with cost for labeling said examples. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Optimum Statistical Estimation with Strategic Data Sources,\" focuses on designing a mechanism to incentivize data sources (e.g., crowdworkers) to provide high-quality data for statistical estimators, such as linear regression, while minimizing the weighted sum of payments and estimation error. However, the paper does not explicitly propose a mechanism where crowdworkers are incentivized specifically by paying them more if their label gets better predicted. Instead, it discusses broader mechanisms for incentivizing high-quality data provision in regression and other estimation tasks. The user query specifically asks for a paper that ties payment directly to how well a worker's label is predicted, which is not clearly addressed in the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you name the papers that are about fine-grained value theories?\nTitle: Towards Understanding Sycophancy in Language Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Human feedback is commonly utilized to finetune AI assistants. But human feedback may also encourage model responses that match user beliefs over truthful ones, a behaviour known as sycophancy. We investigate the prevalence of sycophancy in models whose finetuning procedure made use of human feedback, and the potential role of human preference judgments in such behavior. We first demonstrate that five state-of-the-art AI assistants consistently exhibit sycophancy across four varied free-form text-generation tasks. To understand if human preferences drive this broadly observed behavior, we analyze existing human preference data. We find that when a response matches a user’s views, it is more likely to be preferred. Moreover, both humans and preference models (PMs) prefer convincingly-written sycophantic responses over correct ones a non-negligible fraction of the time. Optimizing model outputs against PMs also sometimes sacrifices truthfulness in favor of sycophancy. Overall, our results indicate that sycophancy is a general behavior of state-of-the-art AI assistants, likely driven in part by human preference judgments favoring sycophantic responses. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper titled \"Towards Understanding Sycophancy in Language Models\" does not fully satisfy the user's query about fine-grained value theories. The paper focuses on the phenomenon of sycophancy in language models, exploring how human feedback and preference judgments may encourage sycophantic behavior in AI assistants. While it discusses human preferences and their influence on AI behavior, it does not delve into fine-grained value theories, which typically involve detailed frameworks or analyses of values, ethics, or moral principles in a nuanced and structured manner. The paper is more about the behavioral tendencies of AI systems influenced by human feedback rather than an exploration of fine-grained value theories."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you point out the work that introduced Top-k Sampling in language generation models?\nTitle: Hierarchical Neural Story Generation\nAbstract:  Abstract We explore story generation: creative systems that can build coherent and fluent passages of text about a topic. We collect a large dataset of 300K human-written stories paired with writing prompts from an online forum. Our dataset enables hierarchical story generation, where the model first generates a premise, and then transforms it into a passage of text. We gain further improvements with a novel form of model fusion that improves the relevance of the story to the prompt, and adding a new gated multi-scale self-attention mechanism to model long-range context. Experiments show large improvements over strong baselines on both automated and human evaluations. Human judges prefer stories generated by our approach to those from a strong non-hierarchical model by a factor of two to one. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The paper titled \"Hierarchical Neural Story Generation\" does not introduce or discuss Top-k Sampling in language generation models. The abstract focuses on hierarchical story generation, dataset creation, model fusion, and a gated multi-scale self-attention mechanism for improving story relevance and coherence. There is no mention of Top-k Sampling, which is a specific decoding strategy for language generation models. Therefore, this paper does not satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research initiated studies for the application of task-related textual tokens in pretrained VLM?\nTitle: Black Box Few-Shot Adaptation for Vision-Language models\nAbstract:  Abstract Vision-Language (V-L) models trained with contrastive learning to align the visual and language modalities have been shown to be strong few-shot learners. Soft prompt learning is the method of choice for few-shot downstream adaptation aiming to bridge the modality gap caused by the distribution shift induced by the new domain. While parameter-efficient, prompt learning still requires access to the model weights and can be computationally infeasible for large models with billions of parameters. To address these shortcomings, in this work, we describe a black-box method for V-L few-shot adaptation that (a) operates on pre-computed image and text features and hence works without access to the model’s weights, (b) it is orders of magnitude faster at training time, (c) it is amenable to both supervised and unsupervised training, and (d) it can be even used to align image and text features computed from uni-modal models. To achieve this, we propose Linear Feature Alignment (LFA), a simple linear approach for V-L re-alignment in the target domain. LFA is initialized from a closed-form solution to a least-squares problem and then it is iteratively updated by minimizing a re-ranking loss. Despite its simplicity, our approach can even surpass soft-prompt learning methods as shown by extensive experiments on 11 image and 2 video datasets. Code available at: https://github.com/saic-fi/LFA ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Black Box Few-Shot Adaptation for Vision-Language Models,\" focuses on a black-box method for few-shot adaptation of vision-language models (VLMs) using pre-computed image and text features. It introduces a method called Linear Feature Alignment (LFA) for aligning image and text features in the target domain. However, the paper does not discuss or initiate studies specifically related to the application of task-related textual tokens in pretrained VLMs. Instead, its focus is on adaptation techniques and re-alignment of features, which is not directly relevant to the user's query about task-related textual tokens."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some studies that showed interpolating between a model's fine-tuned weights and its pre-trained initialization can lead to improved performance on single tasks?\nTitle: Averaging Weights Leads to Wider Optima and Better Generalization\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep neural networks are typically trained by optimizing a loss function with an SGD variant, in conjunction with a decaying learning rate, until convergence. We show that simple averaging of multiple points along the trajectory of SGD, with a cyclical or constant learning rate, leads to better generalization than conventional training. We also show that this Stochastic Weight Averaging (SWA) procedure finds much flatter solutions than SGD, and approximates the recent Fast Geometric Ensembling (FGE) approach with a single model. Using SWA we achieve notable improvement in test accuracy over conventional SGD training on a range of state-of-the-art residual networks, PyramidNets, DenseNets, and Shake-Shake networks on CIFAR-101010, CIFAR-100100100, and ImageNet. In short, SWA is extremely easy to implement, improves generalization, and has almost no computational overhead. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Averaging Weights Leads to Wider Optima and Better Generalization\" focuses on Stochastic Weight Averaging (SWA), which involves averaging multiple points along the trajectory of SGD to improve generalization and find flatter optima. While this method involves combining weights, it does not specifically address interpolating between a model's fine-tuned weights and its pre-trained initialization, as required by the user query. The paper's primary focus is on improving generalization through weight averaging during training, not on the interpolation between pre-trained and fine-tuned weights for single-task performance improvement. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: In which papers did researchers adopt point discrimination as a pretext task for 3D self-supervised representation learning?\nTitle: Exploring Data-Efficient 3D Scene Understanding with Contrastive Scene Contexts\nAbstract:  Abstract The rapid progress in 3D scene understanding has come with growing demand for data; however, collecting and annotating 3D scenes (\\egpoint clouds) are notoriously hard. For example, the number of scenes (\\egindoor rooms) that can be accessed and scanned might be limited; even given sufficient data, acquiring 3D labels (\\eginstance masks) requires intensive human labor. In this paper, we explore data-efficient learning for 3D point cloud. As a first step towards this direction, we propose Contrastive Scene Contexts, a 3D pre-training method that makes use of both point-level correspondences and spatial contexts in a scene. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results on a suite of benchmarks where training data or labels are scarce. Our study reveals that exhaustive labelling of 3D point clouds might be unnecessary; and remarkably, on ScanNet, even using 0.1% of point labels, we still achieve 89% (instance segmentation) and 96% (semantic segmentation) of the baseline performance that uses full annotations 111Code is available at GitHub. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Exploring Data-Efficient 3D Scene Understanding with Contrastive Scene Contexts,\" does not explicitly mention adopting point discrimination as a pretext task for 3D self-supervised representation learning. Instead, the paper focuses on a method called Contrastive Scene Contexts, which leverages point-level correspondences and spatial contexts for pre-training. While it discusses 3D pre-training and self-supervised learning, there is no indication that point discrimination (a task where the model learns to distinguish between individual points) is used as a specific pretext task. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies focused on explaining the representation capacity of a DNN in the time domain?\nTitle: Deep Double Descent: Where Bigger Models and More Data Hurt\nAbstract:  Abstract We show that a variety of modern deep learning tasks exhibit a “double-descent” phenomenon where, as we increase model size, performance first gets worse and then gets better. Moreover, we show that double descent occurs not just as a function of model size, but also as a function of the number of training epochs. We unify the above phenomena by defining a new complexity measure we call the effective model complexity and conjecture a generalized double descent with respect to this measure. Furthermore, our notion of model complexity allows us to identify certain regimes where increasing (even quadrupling) the number of train samples actually hurts test performance. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Deep Double Descent: Where Bigger Models and More Data Hurt\" does not focus on explaining the representation capacity of a Deep Neural Network (DNN) in the time domain. Instead, it investigates the \"double-descent\" phenomenon in deep learning, which relates to model performance as a function of model size, number of training epochs, and the number of training samples. While the paper introduces the concept of effective model complexity and explores performance dynamics, it does not specifically address the representation capacity of DNNs in the time domain or analyze how DNNs represent temporal data. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers investigated the implicit bias of classification using gradient flow in nonlinear two-layer networks?\nTitle: Implicit Regularization Towards Rank Minimization in ReLU Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We study the conjectured relationship between the implicit regularization in neural networks, trained with gradient-based methods, and rank minimization of their weight matrices. Previously, it was proved that for linear networks (of depth 222 and vector-valued outputs), gradient flow (GF) w.r.t. the square loss acts as a rank minimization heuristic. However, understanding to what extent this generalizes to nonlinear networks is an open problem. In this paper, we focus on nonlinear ReLU networks, providing several new positive and negative results. On the negative side, we prove (and demonstrate empirically) that, unlike the linear case, GF on ReLU networks may no longer tend to minimize ranks, in a rather strong sense (even approximately, for “most” datasets of size 222). On the positive side, we reveal that ReLU networks of sufficient depth are provably biased towards low-rank solutions in several reasonable settings. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily investigates the implicit regularization in ReLU networks with a focus on rank minimization of weight matrices. While it does explore gradient flow in nonlinear ReLU networks, the paper does not specifically focus on the implicit bias in the context of **classification tasks** or restrict its analysis to **two-layer networks**. The abstract mentions general nonlinear ReLU networks and does not explicitly address the specific requirements of the user query, which asks about implicit bias in classification using gradient flow in nonlinear two-layer networks."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you name some recent studies focused on Visual Prompt Tuning (VPT)?\nTitle: Efficient Multimodal Fusion via Interactive Prompting\nAbstract:  Abstract Large-scale pre-training has brought unimodal fields such as computer vision and natural language processing to a new era. Following this trend, the size of multimodal learning models constantly increases, leading to an urgent need to reduce the massive computational cost of finetuning these models for downstream tasks. In this paper, we propose an efficient and flexible multimodal fusion method, namely PMF, tailored for fusing unimodally pretrained transformers. Specifically, we first present a modular multimodal fusion framework that exhibits high flexibility and facilitates mutual interactions among different modalities. In addition, we disentangle vanilla prompts into three types in order to learn different optimizing objectives for multimodal learning. It is also worth noting that we propose to add prompt vectors only on the deep layers of the unimodal transformers, thus significantly reducing the training memory usage. Experiment results show that our proposed method achieves comparable performance to several other multimodal finetuning methods with less than 3% trainable parameters and up to 66% saving of training memory usage. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Efficient Multimodal Fusion via Interactive Prompting\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While it discusses prompt-based methods for multimodal learning and mentions the use of prompts in transformers, it does not specifically focus on **Visual Prompt Tuning (VPT)**. The user query explicitly asks for studies centered on VPT, which is a technique tailored for vision-related tasks. The searched paper primarily addresses multimodal fusion and optimization strategies for combining modalities, rather than focusing on visual-specific prompt tuning methods."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies performed deep learning for global weather forecasting tasks?\nTitle: MetNet: A Neural Weather Model for Precipitation Forecasting\nAbstract: Weather forecasting is a long standing scientific challenge with direct social and economic impact. The task is suitable for deep neural networks due to vast amounts of continuously collected data and a rich spatial and temporal structure that presents long range dependencies. We introduce MetNet, a neural network that forecasts precipitation up to 8 hours into the future at the high spatial resolution of 1 km$^2$ and at the temporal resolution of 2 minutes with a latency in the order of seconds. MetNet takes as input radar and satellite data and forecast lead time and produces a probabilistic precipitation map. The architecture uses axial self-attention to aggregate the global context from a large input patch corresponding to a million square kilometers. We evaluate the performance of MetNet at various precipitation thresholds and find that MetNet outperforms Numerical Weather Prediction at forecasts of up to 7 to 8 hours on the scale of the continental United States.", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"MetNet: A Neural Weather Model for Precipitation Forecasting\" focuses on precipitation forecasting using deep learning. However, it specifically targets short-term forecasts (up to 8 hours) at high spatial and temporal resolutions and evaluates performance on the scale of the continental United States. While the study employs deep learning for weather forecasting, it does not address *global* weather forecasting tasks, as required by the user query. The scope of the research is regional (continental United States) rather than global, and thus it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works tackle the contextual linear bandit setting where the arm set changes over time?\nTitle: Nearly Optimal Algorithms for Linear Contextual Bandits with Adversarial Corruptions\nAbstract:  Abstract We study the linear contextual bandit problem in the presence of adversarial corruption, where the reward at each round is corrupted by an adversary, and the corruption level (i.e., the sum of corruption magnitudes over the horizon) is C≥0𝐶0C\\geq 0. The best-known algorithms in this setting are limited in that they either are computationally inefficient or require a strong assumption on the corruption, or their regret is at least C𝐶C times worse than the regret without corruption. In this paper, to overcome these limitations, we propose a new algorithm based on the principle of optimism in the face of uncertainty. At the core of our algorithm is a weighted ridge regression where the weight of each chosen action depends on its confidence up to some threshold. We show that for both known C𝐶C and unknown C𝐶C cases, our algorithm with proper choice of hyperparameter achieves a regret that nearly matches the lower bounds. Thus, our algorithm is nearly optimal up to logarithmic factors for both cases. Notably, our algorithm achieves the near-optimal regret for both corrupted and uncorrupted cases (C=0𝐶0C=0) simultaneously. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on the linear contextual bandit problem in the presence of adversarial corruption, where the rewards are corrupted by an adversary. While it provides a nearly optimal algorithm for handling adversarial corruptions in the contextual linear bandit setting, it does not explicitly address the scenario where the arm set changes over time. The user query specifically asks for works that tackle the contextual linear bandit setting with a *changing arm set*, which is not discussed or analyzed in the abstract of the searched paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the modern models incorporated in the Polaris dataset?\nTitle: BLIP: Bootstrapping Language-Image Pre-training for Unified Vision-Language Understanding and Generation\nAbstract:  Abstract Vision-Language Pre-training (VLP) has advanced the performance for many vision-language tasks. However, most existing pre-trained models only excel in either understanding-based tasks or generation-based tasks. Furthermore, performance improvement has been largely achieved by scaling up the dataset with noisy image-text pairs collected from the web, which is a suboptimal source of supervision. In this paper, we propose BLIP, a new VLP framework which transfers flexibly to both vision-language understanding and generation tasks. BLIP effectively utilizes the noisy web data by bootstrapping the captions, where a captioner generates synthetic captions and a filter removes the noisy ones. We achieve state-of-the-art results on a wide range of vision-language tasks, such as image-text retrieval (+2.7% in average recall@1), image captioning (+2.8% in CIDEr), and VQA (+1.6% in VQA score). BLIP also demonstrates strong generalization ability when directly transferred to video-language tasks in a zero-shot manner. Code, models, and datasets are released.  ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: The paper titled \"BLIP: Bootstrapping Language-Image Pre-training for Unified Vision-Language Understanding and Generation\" does not address the user query regarding the modern models incorporated in the Polaris dataset. The paper focuses on the BLIP framework for vision-language pre-training, discussing its methodology, performance improvements, and applications in various vision-language tasks. However, it does not provide any information about the Polaris dataset or the models incorporated within it. Therefore, the paper does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have tackled the challenge of quadratic complexity in the computation of the self-attention layer of Vision Transformers?\nTitle: Nested Hierarchical Transformer: Towards Accurate, Data-Efficient and Interpretable Visual Understanding\nAbstract:  Abstract Hierarchical structures are popular in recent vision transformers, however, they require sophisticated designs and massive datasets to work well. In this paper, we explore the idea of nesting basic local transformers on non-overlapping image blocks and aggregating them in a hierarchical way. We find that the block aggregation function plays a critical role in enabling cross-block non-local information communication. This observation leads us to design a simplified architecture that requires minor code changes upon the original vision transformer. The benefits of the proposed judiciously-selected design are threefold: (1) NesT converges faster and requires much less training data to achieve good generalization on both ImageNet and small datasets like CIFAR; (2) when extending our key ideas to image generation, NesT leads to a strong decoder that is 8×\\times faster than previous transformer-based generators; and (3) we show that decoupling the feature learning and abstraction processes via this nested hierarchy in our design enables constructing a novel method (named GradCAT) for visually interpreting the learned model. Source code is available https://github.com/google-research/nested-transformer. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Nested Hierarchical Transformer: Towards Accurate, Data-Efficient and Interpretable Visual Understanding\" does not explicitly address the challenge of quadratic complexity in the computation of the self-attention layer of Vision Transformers. While the paper introduces a hierarchical structure and explores the nesting of local transformers for improved data efficiency and interpretability, it does not focus on reducing the quadratic complexity inherent in the self-attention mechanism. The abstract does not mention any specific techniques or approaches aimed at addressing this computational challenge, such as sparse attention, low-rank approximations, or other methods designed to reduce the computational burden of self-attention. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Any works about generating an instance-wise adversarial example that maximizes the contrastive loss?\nTitle: Robust Pre-Training by Adversarial Contrastive Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent work has shown that, when integrated with adversarial training, self-supervised pre-training can lead to state-of-the-art robustness [1]. In this work, we improve robustness-aware self-supervised pre-training by learning representations that are consistent under both data augmentations and adversarial perturbations. Our approach leverages a recent contrastive learning framework [2], which learns representations by maximizing feature consistency under differently augmented views. This fits particularly well with the goal of adversarial robustness, as one cause of adversarial fragility is the lack of feature invariance, i.e., small input perturbations can result in undesirable large changes in features or even predicted labels. We explore various options to formulate the contrastive task, and demonstrate that by injecting adversarial perturbations, contrastive pre-training can lead to models that are both label-efficient and robust. We empirically evaluate the proposed Adversarial Contrastive Learning (ACL) and show it can consistently outperform existing methods. For example on the CIFAR-10 dataset, ACL outperforms the previous state-of-the-art unsupervised robust pre-training approach [1] by 2.99% on robust accuracy and 2.14% on standard accuracy. We further demonstrate that ACL pre-training can improve semi-supervised adversarial training, even when only a few labeled examples are available. Our codes and pre-trained models have been released at: https://github.com/VITA-Group/Adversarial-Contrastive-Learning. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Robust Pre-Training by Adversarial Contrastive Learning,\" focuses on improving robustness in self-supervised pre-training by learning representations that are consistent under both data augmentations and adversarial perturbations. While it leverages adversarial perturbations within a contrastive learning framework, the primary goal is to enhance robustness and feature invariance. The paper does not specifically address the generation of *instance-wise adversarial examples* that are explicitly designed to *maximize the contrastive loss*. Instead, it uses adversarial perturbations as a tool to improve the robustness of the learned representations. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discuss the technique of using a small part of old training data while training on new data to reduce forgetting?\nTitle: DSI++: Updating Transformer Memory with New Documents\nAbstract:  Abstract Differentiable Search Indices (DSIs) encode a corpus of documents in model parameters and use the same model to answer user queries directly. Despite the strong performance of DSI models, deploying them in situations where the corpus changes over time is computationally expensive because reindexing the corpus requires re-training the model. In this work, we introduce DSI++, a continual learning challenge for DSI to incrementally index new documents while being able to answer queries related to both previously and newly indexed documents. Across different model scales and document identifier representations, we show that continual indexing of new documents leads to considerable forgetting of previously indexed documents. We also hypothesize and verify that the model experiences forgetting events during training, leading to unstable learning. To mitigate these issues, we investigate two approaches. The first focuses on modifying the training dynamics. Flatter minima implicitly alleviate forgetting, so we optimize for flatter loss basins and show that the model stably memorizes more documents (+12%percent12+12\\%). Next, we introduce a generative memory to sample pseudo-queries for documents and supplement them during continual indexing to prevent forgetting for the retrieval task. Extensive experiments on novel continual indexing benchmarks based on Natural Questions (NQ) and MS MARCO demonstrate that our proposed solution mitigates forgetting significantly. Concretely, it improves the average Hits@10 by +21.1%percent21.1+21.1\\% over competitive baselines for NQ and requires 666 times fewer model updates compared to re-training the DSI model for incrementally indexing five corpora in a sequence. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"DSI++: Updating Transformer Memory with New Documents\" primarily focuses on mitigating forgetting in the context of continual learning for Differentiable Search Indices (DSIs). While it introduces methods such as optimizing for flatter loss basins and using generative memory to sample pseudo-queries for documents, it does not explicitly discuss the technique of using a small part of the *original old training data* while training on new data to reduce forgetting. Instead, it relies on generating pseudo-queries as a form of memory augmentation rather than directly reusing a subset of the old training data. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies discussing the improvements in the field of DeepSDF since its introduction?\nTitle: Implicit Geometric Regularization for Learning Shapes\nAbstract:  Abstract Representing shapes as level sets of neural networks has been recently proved to be useful for different shape analysis and reconstruction tasks. So far, such representations were computed using either: (i) pre-computed implicit shape representations; or (ii) loss functions explicitly defined over the neural level sets. In this paper we offer a new paradigm for computing high fidelity implicit neural representations directly from raw data (i.e., point clouds, with or without normal information). We observe that a rather simple loss function, encouraging the neural network to vanish on the input point cloud and to have a unit norm gradient, possesses an implicit geometric regularization property that favors smooth and natural zero level set surfaces, avoiding bad zero-loss solutions. We provide a theoretical analysis of this property for the linear case, and show that, in practice, our method leads to state of the art implicit neural representations with higher level-of-details and fidelity compared to previous methods. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Implicit Geometric Regularization for Learning Shapes\" does not specifically discuss improvements in the field of DeepSDF since its introduction. While the paper focuses on implicit neural representations for shape analysis and reconstruction, it does not explicitly address or evaluate advancements or improvements made to DeepSDF. Instead, it introduces a new paradigm for computing implicit neural representations and highlights its own contributions, such as the use of a simple loss function with implicit geometric regularization. Therefore, while the paper is related to the general field of implicit shape representations, it does not fully satisfy the user's query, which specifically seeks studies discussing advancements in DeepSDF."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works expanded on conformal risk control procedures for image-to-image regression tasks?\nTitle: Image-to-Image Regression with Distribution-Free Uncertainty Quantification and Applications in Imaging\nAbstract:  Abstract Image-to-image regression is an important learning task, used frequently in biological imaging. Current algorithms, however, do not generally offer statistical guarantees that protect against a model’s mistakes and hallucinations. To address this, we develop uncertainty quantification techniques with rigorous statistical guarantees for image-to-image regression problems. In particular, we show how to derive uncertainty intervals around each pixel that are guaranteed to contain the true value with a user-specified confidence probability. Our methods work in conjunction with any base machine learning model, such as a neural network, and endow it with formal mathematical guarantees—regardless of the true unknown data distribution or choice of model. Furthermore, they are simple to implement and computationally inexpensive. We evaluate our procedure on three image-to-image regression tasks: quantitative phase microscopy, accelerated magnetic resonance imaging, and super-resolution transmission electron microscopy of a Drosophila melanogaster brain. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on developing uncertainty quantification techniques with rigorous statistical guarantees for image-to-image regression tasks. While it mentions deriving uncertainty intervals and providing formal guarantees, there is no explicit indication in the abstract that the paper specifically expands on *conformal risk control procedures*. The user query specifically asks for works that expand on conformal risk control, and the abstract does not mention conformal risk control or its application to image-to-image regression tasks. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers initially introduced the text-to-image diffusion models?\nTitle: Zero-Shot Text-to-Image Generation\nAbstract:  Abstract Text-to-image generation has traditionally focused on finding better modeling assumptions for training on a fixed dataset. These assumptions might involve complex architectures, auxiliary losses, or side information such as object part labels or segmentation masks supplied during training. We describe a simple approach for this task based on a transformer that autoregressively models the text and image tokens as a single stream of data. With sufficient data and scale, our approach is competitive with previous domain-specific models when evaluated in a zero-shot fashion. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled *\"Zero-Shot Text-to-Image Generation\"* does not fully satisfy the user query. The user is specifically asking for papers that initially introduced *text-to-image diffusion models*, which are a specific class of generative models utilizing diffusion processes for generating images from textual descriptions. However, the abstract of the searched paper describes a method based on a transformer that autoregressively models text and image tokens, rather than employing a diffusion-based approach. While the paper may be relevant to text-to-image generation in general, it does not introduce or focus on diffusion models, and therefore does not meet the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which pieces of research are focused on instance-optimal pure exploration algorithms in multi-armed bandits and deterministic MDPs?\nTitle: Near Instance-Optimal PAC Reinforcement Learning for Deterministic MDPs\nAbstract:  Abstract In probably approximately correct (PAC) reinforcement learning (RL), an agent is required to identify an ε𝜀\\varepsilon-optimal policy with probability 1−δ1𝛿1-\\delta. While minimax optimal algorithms exist for this problem, its instance-dependent complexity remains elusive in episodic Markov decision processes (MDPs). In this paper, we propose the first nearly matching (up to a horizon squared factor and logarithmic terms) upper and lower bounds on the sample complexity of PAC RL in deterministic episodic MDPs with finite state and action spaces. In particular, our bounds feature a new notion of sub-optimality gap for state-action pairs that we call the deterministic return gap. While our instance-dependent lower bound is written as a linear program, our algorithms are very simple and do not require solving such an optimization problem during learning. Their design and analyses employ novel ideas, including graph-theoretical concepts (minimum flows) and a new maximum-coverage exploration strategy. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on PAC reinforcement learning in deterministic episodic MDPs and provides instance-dependent complexity bounds for identifying an ε-optimal policy. While it introduces novel concepts like the deterministic return gap and employs graph-theoretical ideas, the paper does not focus on **pure exploration algorithms**. Instead, its emphasis is on PAC RL, which involves learning an approximately optimal policy rather than pure exploration. Additionally, the paper does not address multi-armed bandits, which is a key component of the user query. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies have been conducted to understand the behavior and rationale behind the predictions of complex language models?\nTitle: Towards A Rigorous Science of Interpretable Machine Learning\nAbstract: ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Towards A Rigorous Science of Interpretable Machine Learning\" appears to focus on the broader field of interpretable machine learning, which may include methods and frameworks for understanding machine learning models in general. However, the user query specifically asks for studies that investigate the behavior and rationale behind the predictions of *complex language models*. While the paper may touch on interpretability techniques that could be applicable to language models, it does not explicitly indicate a focus on complex language models or their specific behavior and rationale. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Who proposed unlearning methods with theoretical guarantees?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and abstract do not contain sufficient information to determine whether it addresses the user query about who proposed unlearning methods with theoretical guarantees. The title and abstract lack specific details about unlearning methods, theoretical guarantees, or the researchers involved. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper proposed the first double-loop BSA approach to solve single-objective stochastic BLO problem?\nTitle: Approximation Methods for Bilevel Programming\nAbstract: In this paper, we study a class of bilevel programming problem where the inner objective function is strongly convex. More specifically, under some mile assumptions on the partial derivatives of both inner and outer objective functions, we present an approximation algorithm for solving this class of problem and provide its finite-time convergence analysis under different convexity assumption on the outer objective function. We also present an accelerated variant of this method which improves the rate of convergence under convexity assumption. Furthermore, we generalize our results under stochastic setting where only noisy information of both objective functions is available. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that such (stochastic) approximation algorithms with established iteration complexity (sample complexity) are provided for bilevel programming.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Approximation Methods for Bilevel Programming\" does not explicitly propose a double-loop BSA (Bilevel Stochastic Approximation) approach to solve single-objective stochastic bilevel optimization (BLO) problems. While the abstract mentions approximation algorithms for bilevel programming under a stochastic setting and highlights the novelty of providing iteration complexity and sample complexity results, it does not specifically state that it introduces a double-loop BSA approach. The user query explicitly asks for the first paper proposing a double-loop BSA approach, and there is no indication in the abstract that this paper satisfies that requirement. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any existing metrics like Inception Score (IS) and Frechet Inception Distance (FID) that evaluate the fidelity of synthesized images in the context of text-to-image generation?\nTitle: Improved Techniques for Training GANs\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a variety of new architectural features and training procedures that we apply to the generative adversarial networks (GANs) framework. We focus on two applications of GANs: semi-supervised learning, and the generation of images that humans find visually realistic. Unlike most work on generative models, our primary goal is not to train a model that assigns high likelihood to test data, nor do we require the model to be able to learn well without using any labels. Using our new techniques, we achieve state-of-the-art results in semi-supervised classification on MNIST, CIFAR-10 and SVHN. The generated images are of high quality as confirmed by a visual Turing test: our model generates MNIST samples that humans cannot distinguish from real data, and CIFAR-10 samples that yield a human error rate of 21.3%percent21.321.3\\%. We also present ImageNet samples with unprecedented resolution and show that our methods enable the model to learn recognizable features of ImageNet classes. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Improved Techniques for Training GANs\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses generative adversarial networks (GANs) and mentions the generation of high-quality images, it does not specifically address metrics like Inception Score (IS) or Frechet Inception Distance (FID) for evaluating the fidelity of synthesized images. Furthermore, the paper does not focus on text-to-image generation, which is a key aspect of the user query. Instead, it emphasizes architectural improvements and training techniques for GANs, as well as applications like semi-supervised learning and image generation in general. Therefore, the paper does not provide a direct answer to the user's query about existing metrics for evaluating fidelity in the context of text-to-image generation."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you tell me the research that proposes a physics-based color augmentation?\nTitle: What Should Not Be Contrastive in Contrastive Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent self-supervised contrastive methods have been able to produce impressive transferable visual representations by learning to be invariant to different data augmentations. However, these methods implicitly assume a particular set of representational invariances (e.g., invariance to color), and can perform poorly when a downstream task violates this assumption (e.g., distinguishing red vs. yellow cars). We introduce a contrastive learning framework which does not require prior knowledge of specific, task-dependent invariances. Our model learns to capture varying and invariant factors for visual representations by constructing separate embedding spaces, each of which is invariant to all but one augmentation. We use a multi-head network with a shared backbone which captures information across each augmentation and alone outperforms all baselines on downstream tasks. We further find that the concatenation of the invariant and varying spaces performs best across all tasks we investigate, including coarse-grained, fine-grained, and few-shot downstream classification tasks, and various data corruptions. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper titled \"What Should Not Be Contrastive in Contrastive Learning\" does not propose a physics-based color augmentation. Instead, the paper focuses on a contrastive learning framework that learns to capture varying and invariant factors for visual representations by constructing separate embedding spaces. While it discusses invariance to color and other augmentations, it does not introduce or propose a physics-based method for color augmentation. The user query specifically asks for research that proposes a physics-based color augmentation, which this paper does not address."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers propose structure-based methods for camera pose prediction?\nTitle: SuperPoint: Self-Supervised Interest Point Detection and Description\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper presents a self-supervised framework for training interest point detectors and descriptors suitable for a large number of multiple-view geometry problems in computer vision. As opposed to patch-based neural networks, our fully-convolutional model operates on full-sized images and jointly computes pixel-level interest point locations and associated descriptors in one forward pass. We introduce Homographic Adaptation, a multi-scale, multi-homography approach for boosting interest point detection repeatability and performing cross-domain adaptation (e.g., synthetic-to-real). Our model, when trained on the MS-COCO generic image dataset using Homographic Adaptation, is able to repeatedly detect a much richer set of interest points than the initial pre-adapted deep model and any other traditional corner detector. The final system gives rise to state-of-the-art homography estimation results on HPatches when compared to LIFT, SIFT and ORB. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"SuperPoint: Self-Supervised Interest Point Detection and Description\" focuses on developing a self-supervised framework for detecting and describing interest points in images, which is useful for multiple-view geometry problems. However, the paper does not explicitly propose a structure-based method for camera pose prediction. Instead, it deals with interest point detection and descriptors, which are foundational tools that may be used in downstream tasks like camera pose estimation. The user query specifically asks for papers that propose structure-based methods for camera pose prediction, which this paper does not directly address."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers addressed subgraph matching by only modeling graph structure?\nTitle: Random walk models approximating symmetric space-fractional diffusion processes\nAbstract: For the symmetric case of space-fractional diffusion processes (whose basic analytic theory has been developed in 1952 by Feller via inversion of Riesz potential operators) we present three random walk models discrete in space and time. We show that for properly scaled transition to vanishing space and time steps these models converge in distribution to the corresponding time-parameterized stable probability distribution. Finally, we analyze in detail a model, discrete in time but continuous in space, recently proposed by Chechkin and Gonchar. Concerning the inversion of the Riesz potential operator $I_0^\\alpha$ let us point out that its common hyper-singular integral representation fails for $\\alpha = 1. In our Section 2 we have shown that the corresponding hyper-singular representation for the inverse operator $D_0^\\alpha$ can be obtained also in the critical (often excluded) case $\\alpha = 1$, by analytic continuation", "output": "**Decision**: False  \n**Reason**: The searched paper focuses on random walk models and symmetric space-fractional diffusion processes, analyzing mathematical and probabilistic models related to Riesz potential operators and stable probability distributions. It does not address subgraph matching or graph structure modeling, which are the core requirements of the user query. The paper's content is unrelated to the topic of subgraph matching or graph structure modeling, as it is centered on diffusion processes and analytic theory."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you mention any follow-up works that studied specialized architectures for incorporating structured DOM information?\nTitle: Learning to Navigate the Web\nAbstract:  Abstract Learning in environments with large state and action spaces, and sparse rewards, can hinder a Reinforcement Learning (RL) agent’s learning through trial-and-error. For instance, following natural language instructions on the Web (such as booking a flight ticket) leads to RL settings where input vocabulary and number of actionable elements on a page can grow very large. Even though recent approaches improve the success rate on relatively simple environments with the help of human demonstrations to guide the exploration, they still fail in environments where the set of possible instructions can reach millions. We approach the aforementioned problems from a different perspective and propose guided RL approaches that can generate unbounded amount of experience for an agent to learn from. Instead of learning from a complicated instruction with a large vocabulary, we decompose it into multiple sub-instructions and schedule a curriculum in which an agent is tasked with a gradually increasing subset of these relatively easier sub-instructions. In addition, when the expert demonstrations are not available, we propose a novel meta-learning framework that generates new instruction following tasks and trains the agent more effectively. We train DQN, deep reinforcement learning agent, with Q-value function approximated with a novel QWeb neural network architecture on these smaller, synthetic instructions. We evaluate the ability of our agent to generalize to new instructions on World of Bits benchmark, on forms with up to 100 elements, supporting 14 million possible instructions. The QWeb agent outperforms the baseline without using any human demonstration achieving 100%percent100100\\% success rate on several difficult environments. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Learning to Navigate the Web\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses a novel QWeb neural network architecture and its application in reinforcement learning for navigating web environments, it does not specifically focus on specialized architectures for incorporating structured DOM (Document Object Model) information. The focus of the paper is on reinforcement learning strategies, curriculum learning, and meta-learning for instruction-following tasks on the web, rather than on studying or proposing architectures that explicitly leverage the structured nature of the DOM. The user query is specifically asking for works that study specialized architectures for integrating structured DOM information, which is not the primary focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me studies that have found out LLM prefers memorized text over non-memorized text?\nTitle: Instructions for EMNLP 2018 Proceedings\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose a novel methodology to generate domain-specific large-scale question answering (QA) datasets by re-purposing existing annotations for other NLP tasks. We demonstrate an instance of this methodology in generating a large-scale QA dataset for electronic medical records by leveraging existing expert annotations on clinical notes for various NLP tasks from the community shared i2b2 datasets444https://www.i2b2.org/NLP/DataSets/. The resulting corpus (emrQA) has 1 million question-logical form and 400,000+ question-answer evidence pairs. We characterize the dataset and explore its learning potential by training baseline models for question to logical form and question to answer mapping. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"Instructions for EMNLP 2018 Proceedings\" focuses on generating domain-specific large-scale question answering datasets, specifically in the context of electronic medical records (emrQA). It does not investigate or provide findings related to large language models (LLMs) preferring memorized text over non-memorized text. The paper is centered on dataset creation and baseline model training for question-answering tasks, which is unrelated to the specific query about LLM behavior regarding memorized versus non-memorized text."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers propose single-modal methods for Semantic Scene Completion that take only TSDF?\nTitle: EdgeNet: Semantic Scene Completion from a Single RGB-D Image\nAbstract:  Abstract Semantic scene completion is the task of predicting a complete 3D representation of volumetric occupancy with corresponding semantic labels for a scene from a single point of view. In this paper, we present EdgeNet, a new end-to-end neural network architecture that fuses information from depth and RGB, explicitly representing RGB edges in 3D space. Previous works on this task used either depth-only or depth with colour by projecting 2D semantic labels generated by a 2D segmentation network into the 3D volume, requiring a two step training process. Our EdgeNet representation encodes colour information in 3D space using edge detection and flipped truncated signed distance, which improves semantic completion scores especially in hard to detect classes. We achieved state-of-the-art scores on both synthetic and real datasets with a simpler and a more computationally efficient training pipeline than competing approaches. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"EdgeNet: Semantic Scene Completion from a Single RGB-D Image\" does not fully satisfy the user query. The user specifically asks for single-modal methods for Semantic Scene Completion that take only TSDF (Truncated Signed Distance Function) as input. However, the abstract of the searched paper clearly states that EdgeNet fuses information from both depth and RGB, explicitly encoding color information in 3D space using edge detection and flipped TSDF. This makes it a multi-modal approach, as it utilizes both depth and RGB data, rather than being a single-modal method that exclusively relies on TSDF. Therefore, the paper does not meet the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Who introduced a smoothing term to make the generated motions appear more natural?\nTitle: MotionDiffuse: Text-Driven Human Motion Generation with Diffusion Model\nAbstract:  Abstract Human motion modeling is important for many modern graphics applications, which typically require professional skills. In order to remove the skill barriers for laymen, recent motion generation methods can directly generate human motions conditioned on natural languages. However, it remains challenging to achieve diverse and fine-grained motion generation with various text inputs. To address this problem, we propose MotionDiffuse, the first diffusion model-based text-driven motion generation framework, which demonstrates several desired properties over existing methods. 1) Probabilistic Mapping. Instead of a deterministic language-motion mapping, MotionDiffuse generates motions through a series of denoising steps in which variations are injected. 2) Realistic Synthesis. MotionDiffuse excels at modeling complicated data distribution and generating vivid motion sequences. 3) Multi-Level Manipulation. MotionDiffuse responds to fine-grained instructions on body parts, and arbitrary-length motion synthesis with time-varied text prompts. Our experiments show MotionDiffuse outperforms existing SoTA methods by convincing margins on text-driven motion generation and action-conditioned motion generation. A qualitative analysis further demonstrates MotionDiffuse’s controllability for comprehensive motion generation. Homepage: https://mingyuan-zhang.github.io/projects/MotionDiffuse.html ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"MotionDiffuse: Text-Driven Human Motion Generation with Diffusion Model\" does not explicitly mention the introduction of a smoothing term to make the generated motions appear more natural. While the abstract discusses the use of a diffusion model for generating realistic and vivid motion sequences, it does not specifically highlight the inclusion of a smoothing term or a mechanism explicitly designed for smoothing motions. The focus of the paper is on probabilistic mapping, realistic synthesis, and multi-level manipulation rather than explicitly addressing smoothing techniques for natural motion generation. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Any studies done to apply Decoder-only architecture in simultaneous machine translation?\nTitle: Llama 2: Open Foundation and Fine-Tuned Chat Models\nAbstract:  Abstract In this work, we develop and release Llama 2, a collection of pretrained and fine-tuned large language models (LLMs) ranging in scale from 7 billion to 70 billion parameters. Our fine-tuned LLMs, called Llama 2-Chat, are optimized for dialogue use cases. Our models outperform open-source chat models on most benchmarks we tested, and based on our human evaluations for helpfulness and safety, may be a suitable substitute for closed-source models. We provide a detailed description of our approach to fine-tuning and safety improvements of Llama 2-Chat in order to enable the community to build on our work and contribute to the responsible development of LLMs. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Llama 2: Open Foundation and Fine-Tuned Chat Models\" focuses on the development and fine-tuning of large language models (LLMs) for dialogue use cases. While it discusses the architecture and optimization of Llama 2 models, it does not address the application of decoder-only architectures specifically in the context of simultaneous machine translation. The paper is centered on dialogue systems and general language model performance rather than translation tasks, let alone simultaneous machine translation. Therefore, it does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works incorporate diffusion models in 3D human motion generation scenarios?\nTitle: EDGE: Editable Dance Generation From Music\nAbstract:  Abstract Dance is an important human art form, but creating new dances can be difficult and time-consuming. In this work, we introduce Editable Dance GEneration (EDGE), a state-of-the-art method for editable dance generation that is capable of creating realistic, physically-plausible dances while remaining faithful to the input music. EDGE uses a transformer-based diffusion model paired with Jukebox, a strong music feature extractor, and confers powerful editing capabilities well-suited to dance, including joint-wise conditioning, and in-betweening. We introduce a new metric for physical plausibility, and evaluate dance quality generated by our method extensively through (1) multiple quantitative metrics on physical plausibility, beat alignment, and diversity benchmarks, and more importantly, (2) a large-scale user study, demonstrating a significant improvement over previous state-of-the-art methods. Qualitative samples from our model can be found at our website. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"EDGE: Editable Dance Generation From Music\" discusses the use of a diffusion model for generating dance motions, it focuses specifically on dance generation rather than the broader scope of 3D human motion generation scenarios. The user query asks about works incorporating diffusion models in 3D human motion generation scenarios, which encompasses a wider range of human motion beyond just dance. The paper does not explicitly address general 3D human motion generation scenarios but rather narrows its scope to dance generation tied to music. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers have used F-score in assessing the accuracy of mesh shapes?\nTitle: What Do Single-view 3D Reconstruction Networks Learn?\nAbstract:  Abstract Convolutional networks for single-view object reconstruction have shown impressive performance and have become a popular subject of research. All existing techniques are united by the idea of having an encoder-decoder network that performs non-trivial reasoning about the 3D structure of the output space. In this work, we set up two alternative approaches that perform image classification and retrieval respectively. These simple baselines yield better results than state-of-the-art methods, both qualitatively and quantitatively. We show that encoder-decoder methods are statistically indistinguishable from these baselines, thus indicating that the current state of the art in single-view object reconstruction does not actually perform reconstruction but image classification. We identify aspects of popular experimental procedures that elicit this behavior and discuss ways to improve the current state of research. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The abstract of the paper titled \"What Do Single-view 3D Reconstruction Networks Learn?\" does not mention the use of F-score in assessing the accuracy of mesh shapes. While the paper discusses single-view object reconstruction and evaluates methods quantitatively, there is no explicit indication in the abstract that F-score is used as a metric for assessing mesh shape accuracy. Without explicit evidence of F-score usage, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you give examples of studies with methods that visualize or use attention weight values for explanations in language processing?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided paper's title and abstract are not included in the query, and there is no indication that the paper specifically discusses methods that visualize or use attention weight values for explanations in language processing. Without explicit evidence or details about the paper's content, it cannot be confirmed that it fully satisfies the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the original papers that conformal prediction originated from?\nTitle: A Tutorial on Conformal Prediction\nAbstract:  Abstract Conformal prediction uses past experience to determine precise levels of confidence in new predictions. Given an error probability ϵitalic-ϵ\\epsilon, together with a method that makes a prediction y^^𝑦\\hat{y} of a label y𝑦y, it produces a set of labels, typically containing y^^𝑦\\hat{y}, that also contains y𝑦y with probability 1−ϵ1italic-ϵ1-\\epsilon. Conformal prediction can be applied to any method for producing y^^𝑦\\hat{y}: a nearest-neighbor method, a support-vector machine, ridge regression, etc. Conformal prediction is designed for an on-line setting in which labels are predicted successively, each one being revealed before the next is predicted. The most novel and valuable feature of conformal prediction is that if the successive examples are sampled independently from the same distribution, then the successive predictions will be right 1−ϵ1italic-ϵ1-\\epsilon of the time, even though they are based on an accumulating dataset rather than on independent datasets. In addition to the model under which successive examples are sampled independently, other on-line compression models can also use conformal prediction. The widely used Gaussian linear model is one of these. This tutorial presents a self-contained account of the theory of conformal prediction and works through several numerical examples. A more comprehensive treatment of the topic is provided in Algorithmic Learning in a Random World, by Vladimir Vovk, Alex Gammerman, and Glenn Shafer (Springer, 2005). ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"A Tutorial on Conformal Prediction\" is a tutorial and not an original paper that introduced the concept of conformal prediction. While it provides an overview of the theory and applications of conformal prediction, it explicitly references the book *Algorithmic Learning in a Random World* by Vladimir Vovk, Alex Gammerman, and Glenn Shafer (2005) as a more comprehensive treatment of the topic. The original papers that conformal prediction originated from are likely authored by these researchers, particularly Vladimir Vovk, and would predate this tutorial. Therefore, this paper does not fully satisfy the user's query for the original papers that introduced conformal prediction."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you give examples of studies that employed partial-input models to uncover artifacts?\nTitle: Making the V in VQA Matter: Elevating the Role of Image Understanding in Visual Question Answering\nAbstract:  Abstract Problems at the intersection of vision and language are of significant importance both as challenging research questions and for the rich set of applications they enable. However, inherent structure in our world and bias in our language tend to be a simpler signal for learning than visual modalities, resulting in models that ignore visual information, leading to an inflated sense of their capability. We propose to counter these language priors for the task of Visual Question Answering (VQA) and make vision (the V in VQA) matter! Specifically, we balance the popular VQA dataset [3] by collecting complementary images such that every question in our balanced dataset is associated with not just a single image, but rather a pair of similar images that result in two different answers to the question. Our dataset is by construction more balanced than the original VQA dataset and has approximately twice the number of image-question pairs. Our complete balanced dataset is publicly available at http://visualqa.org/ as part of the 2nd iteration of the Visual Question Answering Dataset and Challenge (VQA v2.0). We further benchmark a number of state-of-art VQA models on our balanced dataset. All models perform significantly worse on our balanced dataset, suggesting that these models have indeed learned to exploit language priors. This finding provides the first concrete empirical evidence for what seems to be a qualitative sense among practitioners. Finally, our data collection protocol for identifying complementary images enables us to develop a novel interpretable model, which in addition to providing an answer to the given (image, question) pair, also provides a counter-example based explanation. Specifically, it identifies an image that is similar to the original image, but it believes has a different answer to the same question. This can help in building trust for machines among their users. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses the issue of language priors in Visual Question Answering (VQA) models and introduces a balanced dataset to address this problem, it does not explicitly employ *partial-input models* to uncover artifacts. Partial-input models are typically designed to analyze the behavior of a system by removing or isolating certain inputs (e.g., using only the text or only the image in a VQA task) to identify biases or artifacts in the model's learning process. This paper focuses on creating a balanced dataset and evaluating models on it to demonstrate the reliance on language priors, but it does not describe the use of partial-input models for artifact discovery."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies incorporate RPE in Vision Transformers?\nTitle: An Image is Worth 16x16 Words: Transformers for Image Recognition at Scale\nAbstract:  Abstract While the Transformer architecture has become the de-facto standard for natural language processing tasks, its applications to computer vision remain limited. In vision, attention is either applied in conjunction with convolutional networks, or used to replace certain components of convolutional networks while keeping their overall structure in place. We show that this reliance on CNNs is not necessary and a pure transformer applied directly to sequences of image patches can perform very well on image classification tasks. When pre-trained on large amounts of data and transferred to multiple mid-sized or small image recognition benchmarks (ImageNet, CIFAR-100, VTAB, etc.), Vision Transformer (ViT) attains excellent results compared to state-of-the-art convolutional networks while requiring substantially fewer computational resources to train.111Fine-tuning code and pre-trained models are available at https://github.com/google-research/vision_transformer ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The paper titled \"An Image is Worth 16x16 Words: Transformers for Image Recognition at Scale\" does not explicitly mention or discuss the incorporation of Relative Positional Encoding (RPE) in Vision Transformers. While the paper introduces the Vision Transformer (ViT) and demonstrates its effectiveness in image recognition tasks, it does not focus on or analyze the use of RPE. The abstract and the broader context of the paper indicate that the focus is on applying a pure transformer model to image patches for classification tasks, but there is no evidence that RPE is a component of the study. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some information about the studies on model-free methods for robust discounted MDPs?\nTitle: Towards Theoretical Understandings of Robust Markov Decision Processes: Sample Complexity and Asymptotics\nAbstract:  Abstract In this paper, we study the non-asymptotic and asymptotic performances of the optimal robust policy and value function of robust Markov Decision Processes (MDPs), where the optimal robust policy and value function are estimated from a generative model. While prior work focusing on non-asymptotic performances of robust MDPs is restricted in the setting of the KL uncertainty set and (s,a)𝑠𝑎(s,a)-rectangular assumption, we improve their results and also consider other uncertainty sets, including the L1subscript𝐿1L_{1} and χ2superscript𝜒2\\chi^{2} balls. Our results show that when we assume (s,a)𝑠𝑎(s,a)-rectangular on uncertainty sets, the sample complexity is about 𝒪~​(|𝒮|2​|𝒜|ε2​ρ2​(1−γ)4)~𝒪superscript𝒮2𝒜superscript𝜀2superscript𝜌2superscript1𝛾4\\widetilde{{\\mathcal{O}}}\\left(\\frac{|{\\mathcal{S}}|^{2}|{\\mathcal{A}}|}{\\varepsilon^{2}\\rho^{2}(1-\\gamma)^{4}}\\right). In addition, we extend our results from the (s,a)𝑠𝑎(s,a)-rectangular assumption to the s𝑠s-rectangular assumption. In this scenario, the sample complexity varies with the choice of uncertainty sets and is generally larger than the case under the (s,a)𝑠𝑎(s,a)-rectangular assumption. Moreover, we also show that the optimal robust value function is asymptotically normal with a typical rate n𝑛\\sqrt{n} under the (s,a)𝑠𝑎(s,a) and s𝑠s-rectangular assumptions from both theoretical and empirical perspectives. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Towards Theoretical Understandings of Robust Markov Decision Processes: Sample Complexity and Asymptotics\"* primarily focuses on the theoretical analysis of robust Markov Decision Processes (MDPs), specifically addressing the sample complexity and asymptotic behavior of the optimal robust policy and value function. It relies on a generative model for estimating the robust policy and value function, which implies that it is not a model-free approach. The user query explicitly asks for information on *model-free methods* for robust discounted MDPs, but the paper does not discuss or explore model-free methods. Instead, it focuses on theoretical results under different assumptions (e.g., (s,a)-rectangular and s-rectangular) and uncertainty sets. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies propose to generate human radiance fields directly from the 2D StyleGAN-Human dataset?\nTitle: EVA3D: Compositional 3D Human Generation from 2D Image Collections\nAbstract:  Abstract Inverse graphics aims to recover 3D models from 2D observations. Utilizing differentiable rendering, recent 3D-aware generative models have shown impressive results of rigid object generation using 2D images. However, it remains challenging to generate articulated objects, like human bodies, due to their complexity and diversity in poses and appearances. In this work, we propose, EVA3D, an unconditional 3D human generative model learned from 2D image collections only. EVA3D can sample 3D humans with detailed geometry and render high-quality images (up to 512×256512256512\\times 256) without bells and whistles (e.g. super resolution). At the core of EVA3D is a compositional human NeRF representation, which divides the human body into local parts. Each part is represented by an individual volume. This compositional representation enables 1) inherent human priors, 2) adaptive allocation of network parameters, 3) efficient training and rendering. Moreover, to accommodate for the characteristics of sparse 2D human image collections (e.g. imbalanced pose distribution), we propose a pose-guided sampling strategy for better GAN learning. Extensive experiments validate that EVA3D achieves state-of-the-art 3D human generation performance regarding both geometry and texture quality. Notably, EVA3D demonstrates great potential and scalability to “inverse-graphics” diverse human bodies with a clean framework. Project page: https://hongfz16.github.io/projects/EVA3D.html. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"EVA3D: Compositional 3D Human Generation from 2D Image Collections\" does not explicitly propose generating human radiance fields directly from the 2D StyleGAN-Human dataset. While the paper discusses a compositional human NeRF (Neural Radiance Field) representation and focuses on generating 3D humans from 2D image collections, it does not mention the use of the StyleGAN-Human dataset as a source for its 2D images. The user query specifically asks for studies that generate human radiance fields directly from the StyleGAN-Human dataset, which is not addressed in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works that use a pseudo-likelihood variational framework for node representation learning especially for TAGs?\nTitle: GMNN: Graph Markov Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper studies semi-supervised object classification in relational data, which is a fundamental problem in relational data modeling. The problem has been extensively studied in the literature of both statistical relational learning (e.g. relational Markov networks) and graph neural networks (e.g. graph convolutional networks). Statistical relational learning methods can effectively model the dependency of object labels through conditional random fields for collective classification, whereas graph neural networks learn effective object representations for classification through end-to-end training. In this paper, we propose the Graph Markov Neural Network (GMNN) that combines the advantages of both worlds. A GMNN models the joint distribution of object labels with a conditional random field, which can be effectively trained with the variational EM algorithm. In the E-step, one graph neural network learns effective object representations for approximating the posterior distributions of object labels. In the M-step, another graph neural network is used to model the local label dependency. Experiments on object classification, link classification, and unsupervised node representation learning show that GMNN achieves state-of-the-art results. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The paper titled \"GMNN: Graph Markov Neural Networks\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper does propose a framework that combines graph neural networks (GNNs) with a conditional random field (CRF) and employs a variational EM algorithm, it does not explicitly mention the use of a *pseudo-likelihood variational framework*. Additionally, the paper focuses on semi-supervised object classification, link classification, and unsupervised node representation learning in general graph structures, but it does not specifically address *TAGs* (temporal attributed graphs). The user query specifically asks for works that use a pseudo-likelihood variational framework for node representation learning, particularly for TAGs, which is not explicitly covered in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discuss that the phenomenon of neural networks learning similar representations for semantically similar data is particularly pronounced for large and wide models?\nTitle: You Only Need a Good Embeddings Extractor to Fix Spurious Correlations\nAbstract:  Abstract Spurious correlations in training data often lead to robustness issues since models learn to use them as shortcuts. For example, when predicting whether an object is a cow, a model might learn to rely on its green background, so it would do poorly on a cow on a sandy background A standard dataset for measuring state-of-the-art on methods mitigating this problem is Waterbirds. The best method (Group Distributionally Robust Optimization - GroupDRO) currently achieves 89% worst group accuracy and standard training from scratch on raw images only gets 72%. GroupDRO requires training a model in an end-to-end manner with subgroup labels. In this paper, we show that we can achieve up to 90% accuracy without using any sub-group information in the training set by simply using embeddings from a large pre-trained vision model extractor and training a linear classifier on top of it. With experiments on a wide range of pre-trained models and pre-training datasets, we show that the capacity of the pre-training model and the size of the pre-training dataset matters. Our experiments reveal that high capacity vision transformers perform better compared to high capacity convolutional neural networks, and larger pre-training dataset leads to better worst-group accuracy on the spurious correlation dataset. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"You Only Need a Good Embeddings Extractor to Fix Spurious Correlations,\" primarily focuses on mitigating spurious correlations in training data by using embeddings from large pre-trained vision models and training a linear classifier on top of them. While the paper discusses the importance of model capacity and pre-training dataset size in improving performance on spurious correlation datasets, it does not explicitly address or analyze the phenomenon of neural networks learning similar representations for semantically similar data. The user query specifically seeks discussions on how large and wide models exhibit this phenomenon, but the searched paper does not delve into this topic or provide insights into representation similarity for semantically similar data."}
{"input": "User Query: What works addressed the significance of initialization in the performance of dimensionality reduction methods?\nTitle: Understanding How Dimension Reduction Tools Work: An Empirical Approach to Deciphering t-SNE, UMAP, TriMap, and PaCMAP for Data Visualization\nAbstract:  Abstract Dimension reduction (DR) techniques such as t-SNE, UMAP, and TriMap have demonstrated impressive visualization performance on many real-world datasets. One tension that has always faced these methods is the trade-off between preservation of global structure and preservation of local structure: these methods can either handle one or the other, but not both. In this work, our main goal is to understand what aspects of DR methods are important for preserving both local and global structure: it is difficult to design a better method without a true understanding of the choices we make in our algorithms and their empirical impact on the low-dimensional embeddings they produce. Towards the goal of local structure preservation, we provide several useful design principles for DR loss functions based on our new understanding of the mechanisms behind successful DR methods. Towards the goal of global structure preservation, our analysis illuminates that the choice of which components to preserve is important. We leverage these insights to design a new algorithm for DR, called Pairwise Controlled Manifold Approximation Projection (PaCMAP), which preserves both local and global structure. Our work provides several unexpected insights into what design choices both to make and avoid when constructing DR algorithms.111denotes equal contribution ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper primarily focuses on understanding the mechanisms behind dimensionality reduction (DR) methods such as t-SNE, UMAP, TriMap, and PaCMAP, with an emphasis on preserving local and global structures in data visualization. While it provides insights into design principles and loss functions for DR methods, as well as the trade-offs between preserving local and global structures, the abstract does not explicitly mention or address the significance of **initialization** in the performance of these methods. The user query specifically asks for works that explore the role of initialization in DR methods, and this paper does not appear to satisfy that requirement based on the provided abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have been proposed to adapt the model to the continually evolving data in real-world scenarios?\nTitle: Source-Free Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) can tackle the challenge that convolutional neural network (CNN)-based approaches for semantic segmentation heavily rely on the pixel-level annotated data, which is labor-intensive. However, existing UDA approaches in this regard inevitably require the full access to source datasets to reduce the gap between the source and target domains during model adaptation, which are impractical in the real scenarios where the source datasets are private, and thus cannot be released along with the well-trained source models. To cope with this issue, we propose a source-free domain adaptation framework for semantic segmentation, namely SFDA, in which only a well-trained source model and an unlabeled target domain dataset are available for adaptation. SFDA not only enables to recover and preserve the source domain knowledge from the source model via knowledge transfer during model adaptation, but also distills valuable information from the target domain for self-supervised learning. The pixel- and patch-level optimization objectives tailored for semantic segmentation are seamlessly integrated in the framework. The extensive experimental results on numerous benchmark datasets highlight the effectiveness of our framework against the existing UDA approaches relying on source data. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper proposes a source-free domain adaptation framework for semantic segmentation, which is a valuable contribution to the field of domain adaptation, it does not explicitly address the adaptation of models to *continually evolving data* in real-world scenarios. The focus of the paper is on adapting a pre-trained model to a target domain without access to the source data, rather than on handling continuous or incremental changes in data distributions over time. Continual adaptation to evolving data typically involves methods like continual learning, online learning, or strategies to address catastrophic forgetting, none of which are discussed in the abstract of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works propose methods to construct parameterized skills in meta-RL setting?\nTitle: Continuous Meta-Learning without Tasks\nAbstract:  Abstract Meta-learning is a promising strategy for learning to efficiently learn using data gathered from a distribution of tasks. However, the meta-learning literature thus far has focused on the task segmented setting, where at train-time, offline data is assumed to be split according to the underlying task, and at test-time, the algorithms are optimized to learn in a single task. In this work, we enable the application of generic meta-learning algorithms to settings where this task segmentation is unavailable, such as continual online learning with unsegmented time series data. We present meta-learning via online changepoint analysis (MOCA), an approach which augments a meta-learning algorithm with a differentiable Bayesian changepoint detection scheme. The framework allows both training and testing directly on time series data without segmenting it into discrete tasks. We demonstrate the utility of this approach on three nonlinear meta-regression benchmarks as well as two meta-image-classification benchmarks. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper, \"Continuous Meta-Learning without Tasks,\" focuses on applying meta-learning algorithms to settings without task segmentation, such as continual online learning with unsegmented time series data. It introduces MOCA, which combines meta-learning with Bayesian changepoint detection to handle unsegmented data. However, the paper does not propose methods to construct parameterized skills in a meta-reinforcement learning (meta-RL) setting, which is the specific focus of the user query. The paper is more centered on meta-learning for regression and classification tasks rather than skill construction in meta-RL."}
{"input": "User Query: What paper employed score interpolation and time warping to harmonize the loss functions of diffusion model and Euclidean embedding?\nTitle: Continuous diffusion for categorical data\nAbstract:  Abstract Diffusion models have quickly become the go-to paradigm for generative modelling of perceptual signals (such as images and sound) through iterative refinement. Their success hinges on the fact that the underlying physical phenomena are continuous. For inherently discrete and categorical data such as language, various diffusion-inspired alternatives have been proposed. However, the continuous nature of diffusion models conveys many benefits, and in this work we endeavour to preserve it. We propose CDCD, a framework for modelling categorical data with diffusion models that are continuous both in time and input space. We demonstrate its efficacy on several language modelling tasks. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"Continuous diffusion for categorical data\" does not mention employing score interpolation and time warping to harmonize the loss functions of diffusion models and Euclidean embedding. Instead, the paper focuses on adapting diffusion models for categorical data by maintaining continuity in both time and input space. The abstract does not indicate any discussion or implementation of score interpolation or time warping techniques, nor does it address harmonization of loss functions between diffusion models and Euclidean embedding. Hence, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works have tackled the issue of missing objects, incorrect spatial relations, and incorrect attributes in text-to-image generation (T2I) models?\nTitle: Aligning Text-to-Image Models using Human Feedback\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep generative models have shown impressive results in text-to-image synthesis. However, current text-to-image models often generate images that are inadequately aligned with text prompts. We propose a fine-tuning method for aligning such models using human feedback, comprising three stages. First, we collect human feedback assessing model output alignment from a set of diverse text prompts. We then use the human-labeled image-text dataset to train a reward function that predicts human feedback. Lastly, the text-to-image model is fine-tuned by maximizing reward-weighted likelihood to improve image-text alignment. Our method generates objects with specified colors, counts and backgrounds more accurately than the pre-trained model. We also analyze several design choices and find that careful investigations on such design choices are important in balancing the alignment-fidelity tradeoffs. Our results demonstrate the potential for learning from human feedback to significantly improve text-to-image models.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Aligning Text-to-Image Models using Human Feedback\" addresses improving alignment between text prompts and generated images, it primarily focuses on using human feedback to improve the generation of objects with specified attributes such as colors, counts, and backgrounds. The abstract does not explicitly mention tackling the issues of **missing objects**, **incorrect spatial relations**, or **incorrect attributes** in a comprehensive manner. Although it mentions improving alignment, it does not explicitly address all three aspects of the user query (missing objects, spatial relations, and attributes). Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What work explains the computational cost of non-private SOTA reproduction compared to the private one?\nTitle: Accurate, Large Minibatch SGD: Training ImageNet in 1 Hour\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep learning thrives with large neural networks and large datasets. However, larger networks and larger datasets result in longer training times that impede research and development progress. Distributed synchronous SGD offers a potential solution to this problem by dividing SGD minibatches over a pool of parallel workers. Yet to make this scheme efficient, the per-worker workload must be large, which implies nontrivial growth in the SGD minibatch size. In this paper, we empirically show that on the ImageNet dataset large minibatches cause optimization difficulties, but when these are addressed the trained networks exhibit good generalization. Specifically, we show no loss of accuracy when training with large minibatch sizes up to 8192 images. To achieve this result, we adopt a hyper-parameter-free linear scaling rule for adjusting learning rates as a function of minibatch size and develop a new warmup scheme that overcomes optimization challenges early in training. With these simple techniques, our Caffe2-based system trains ResNet-50 with a minibatch size of 8192 on 256 GPUs in one hour, while matching small minibatch accuracy. Using commodity hardware, our implementation achieves ∼similar-to\\scriptstyle\\sim90% scaling efficiency when moving from 8 to 256 GPUs. Our findings enable training visual recognition models on internet-scale data with high efficiency. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Accurate, Large Minibatch SGD: Training ImageNet in 1 Hour,\" focuses on improving the efficiency of distributed synchronous SGD for training large-scale deep learning models, particularly by addressing optimization challenges associated with large minibatch sizes. While it discusses computational costs and efficiency in the context of non-private state-of-the-art (SOTA) model training, it does not address or compare these costs to private SOTA reproduction. The user query specifically seeks work that explains the computational cost differences between non-private and private SOTA reproduction, which involves considerations of privacy-preserving techniques (e.g., differential privacy) and their computational overhead. This paper does not explore privacy-related aspects and therefore does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works proposed the ODIN score and Mahalanobis distance-based confidence score to improve out-of-distribution uncertainty estimation in the early stages?\nTitle: Enhancing The Reliability of Out-of-distribution Image Detection in Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We consider the problem of detecting out-of-distribution images in neural networks. We propose ODIN, a simple and effective method that does not require any change to a pre-trained neural network. Our method is based on the observation that using temperature scaling and adding small perturbations to the input can separate the softmax score distributions between in- and out-of-distribution images, allowing for more effective detection. We show in a series of experiments that ODIN is compatible with diverse network architectures and datasets. It consistently outperforms the baseline approach (Hendrycks & Gimpel, 2017) by a large margin, establishing a new state-of-the-art performance on this task. For example, ODIN reduces the false positive rate from the baseline 34.7% to 4.3% on the DenseNet (applied to CIFAR-10 and Tiny-ImageNet) when the true positive rate is 95%. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on the ODIN score as a method to improve out-of-distribution (OOD) uncertainty estimation. While it provides a detailed explanation and experimental results for the ODIN method, it does not mention or propose the Mahalanobis distance-based confidence score as part of its contributions. The user query specifically asks for works that propose both the ODIN score and the Mahalanobis distance-based confidence score for OOD uncertainty estimation. Since the paper only addresses the ODIN score and does not discuss the Mahalanobis distance-based confidence score, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works studied the optimization and generalization properties of Neural Tangent Kernel (NTK)?\nTitle: Learning and Generalization in Overparameterized Neural Networks, Going Beyond Two Layers\nAbstract:  Abstract The fundamental learning theory behind neural networks remains largely open. What classes of functions can neural networks actually learn? Why doesn’t the trained network overfit when it is overparameterized? In this work, we prove that overparameterized neural networks can learn some notable concept classes, including two and three-layer networks with fewer parameters and smooth activations. Moreover, the learning can be simply done by SGD (stochastic gradient descent) or its variants in polynomial time using polynomially many samples. The sample complexity can also be almost independent of the number of parameters in the network. On the technique side, our analysis goes beyond the so-called NTK (neural tangent kernel) linearization of neural networks in prior works. We establish a new notion of quadratic approximation of the neural network (that can be viewed as a second-order variant of NTK), and connect it to the SGD theory of escaping saddle points. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper discusses optimization and generalization properties of overparameterized neural networks, it explicitly states that its analysis goes beyond the NTK (Neural Tangent Kernel) linearization used in prior works. The paper introduces a new notion of quadratic approximation of the neural network, which is described as a second-order variant of NTK. This indicates that the focus of the paper is not on studying the optimization and generalization properties of NTK itself, but rather on extending beyond NTK to a more advanced framework. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query, which specifically asks for works that studied the optimization and generalization properties of NTK."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me with references that detail pre-training strategies in machine learning for improving reasoning ability?\nTitle: Logic-Guided Data Augmentation and Regularization for Consistent Question Answering\nAbstract:  Abstract Many natural language questions require qualitative, quantitative or logical comparisons between two entities or events. This paper addresses the problem of improving the accuracy and consistency of responses to comparison questions by integrating logic rules and neural models. Our method leverages logical and linguistic knowledge to augment labeled training data and then uses a consistency-based regularizer to train the model. Improving the global consistency of predictions, our approach achieves large improvements over previous methods in a variety of question answering (QA) tasks including multiple-choice qualitative reasoning, cause-effect reasoning, and extractive machine reading comprehension. In particular, our method significantly improves the performance of RoBERTa-based models by 1-5% across datasets. We advance state of the art by around 5-8% on WIQA and QuaRel and reduce consistency violations by 58% on HotpotQA. We further demonstrate that our approach can learn effectively from limited data.111Our code and data is available at https://github.com/AkariAsai/logic_guided_qa. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on improving question-answering performance and consistency by integrating logic rules and neural models through data augmentation and a consistency-based regularizer. While it discusses methods like logic-guided data augmentation and regularization, it does not explicitly detail pre-training strategies in machine learning for improving reasoning ability. Pre-training strategies typically involve techniques applied during the pre-training phase of a model (e.g., masked language modeling, contrastive learning, or curriculum learning) to enhance reasoning capabilities. This paper, however, emphasizes post-training strategies like data augmentation and regularization rather than pre-training methodologies. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works developed distributed optimization algorithms that were provably robust under noise in federated learning?\nTitle: Byzantine-Robust Distributed Learning: Towards Optimal Statistical Rates\nAbstract:  Abstract In large-scale distributed learning, security issues have become increasingly important. Particularly in a decentralized environment, some computing units may behave abnormally, or even exhibit Byzantine failures—arbitrary and potentially adversarial behavior. In this paper, we develop distributed learning algorithms that are provably robust against such failures, with a focus on achieving optimal statistical performance. A main result of this work is a sharp analysis of two robust distributed gradient descent algorithms based on median and trimmed mean operations, respectively. We prove statistical error rates for three kinds of population loss functions: strongly convex, non-strongly convex, and smooth non-convex. In particular, these algorithms are shown to achieve order-optimal statistical error rates for strongly convex losses. To achieve better communication efficiency, we further propose a median-based distributed algorithm that is provably robust, and uses only one communication round. For strongly convex quadratic loss, we show that this algorithm achieves the same optimal error rate as the robust distributed gradient descent algorithms. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on developing distributed learning algorithms that are robust against Byzantine failures, which involve arbitrary and potentially adversarial behavior. While this is related to robustness in distributed optimization, the paper does not explicitly address robustness under *noise* in the context of *federated learning*. Instead, it focuses on Byzantine robustness and achieving optimal statistical rates in distributed learning. The user query specifically asks for works addressing robustness under noise in federated learning, and this paper does not explicitly mention federated learning or robustness under noise as its primary focus."}
{"input": "User Query: From which papers does the researcher discuss new metrics and understandings that have been suggested to expose the remaining weaknesses of GNNs?\nTitle: Large Scale Learning on Non-Homophilous Graphs: New Benchmarks and Strong Simple Methods\nAbstract:  Abstract Many widely used datasets for graph machine learning tasks have generally been homophilous, where nodes with similar labels connect to each other. Recently, new Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have been developed that move beyond the homophily regime; however, their evaluation has often been conducted on small graphs with limited application domains. We collect and introduce diverse non-homophilous datasets from a variety of application areas that have up to 384x more nodes and 1398x more edges than prior datasets. We further show that existing scalable graph learning and graph minibatching techniques lead to performance degradation on these non-homophilous datasets, thus highlighting the need for further work on scalable non-homophilous methods. To address these concerns, we introduce LINKX — a strong simple method that admits straightforward minibatch training and inference. Extensive experimental results with representative simple methods and GNNs across our proposed datasets show that LINKX achieves state-of-the-art performance for learning on non-homophilous graphs. Our codes and data are available at https://github.com/CUAI/Non-Homophily-Large-Scale. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on introducing new benchmarks and methods for learning on non-homophilous graphs. While it highlights the limitations of existing scalable graph learning techniques on non-homophilous datasets and proposes a new method (LINKX) to address these issues, it does not explicitly discuss new metrics or understandings designed to expose the remaining weaknesses of GNNs. The paper is more focused on dataset diversity, scalability, and performance improvements rather than proposing or analyzing specific metrics or frameworks to evaluate GNN weaknesses. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research papers address the design of G-invariant architectures?\nTitle: Semi-Supervised Classification with Graph Convolutional Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a scalable approach for semi-supervised learning on graph-structured data that is based on an efficient variant of convolutional neural networks which operate directly on graphs. We motivate the choice of our convolutional architecture via a localized first-order approximation of spectral graph convolutions. Our model scales linearly in the number of graph edges and learns hidden layer representations that encode both local graph structure and features of nodes. In a number of experiments on citation networks and on a knowledge graph dataset we demonstrate that our approach outperforms related methods by a significant margin. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Semi-Supervised Classification with Graph Convolutional Networks\" does not explicitly address the design of G-invariant architectures. While the paper discusses graph convolutional networks (GCNs) and their application to graph-structured data, it focuses on semi-supervised learning and the scalability of graph convolutions. G-invariant architectures are specifically designed to be invariant under the action of a group \\( G \\), which is not explicitly mentioned or discussed in the context of this paper. The paper primarily deals with leveraging graph structure and node features for classification tasks, rather than exploring or designing architectures with group invariance properties."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide examples of works that have simplified and interpreted GCN from a spatial perspective?\nTitle: Semi-Supervised Classification with Graph Convolutional Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We present a scalable approach for semi-supervised learning on graph-structured data that is based on an efficient variant of convolutional neural networks which operate directly on graphs. We motivate the choice of our convolutional architecture via a localized first-order approximation of spectral graph convolutions. Our model scales linearly in the number of graph edges and learns hidden layer representations that encode both local graph structure and features of nodes. In a number of experiments on citation networks and on a knowledge graph dataset we demonstrate that our approach outperforms related methods by a significant margin. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Semi-Supervised Classification with Graph Convolutional Networks,\" primarily focuses on introducing and motivating the Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) model through a localized first-order approximation of spectral graph convolutions. While it simplifies and interprets GCNs, the interpretation is rooted in the spectral perspective rather than the spatial perspective. The paper does not explicitly simplify or interpret GCNs from a spatial perspective, which is the specific requirement of the user query. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which study suggest minimizing symmetric KL-divergence between the model output of an original input and that of the input perturbed by Gaussian noise?\nTitle: Better Fine-Tuning by Reducing Representational Collapse\nAbstract:  Abstract Although widely adopted, existing approaches for fine-tuning pre-trained language models have been shown to be unstable across hyper-parameter settings, motivating recent work on trust region methods. In this paper, we present a simplified and efficient method rooted in trust region theory that replaces previously used adversarial objectives with parametric noise (sampling from either a normal or uniform distribution), thereby discouraging representation change during fine-tuning when possible without hurting performance. We also introduce a new analysis to motivate the use of trust region methods more generally, by studying representational collapse; the degradation of generalizable representations from pre-trained models as they are fine-tuned for a specific end task. Extensive experiments show that our fine-tuning method matches or exceeds the performance of previous trust region methods on a range of understanding and generation tasks (including DailyMail/CNN, Gigaword, Reddit TIFU, and the GLUE benchmark), while also being much faster. We also show that it is less prone to representation collapse; the pre-trained models maintain more generalizable representations every time they are fine-tuned. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Better Fine-Tuning by Reducing Representational Collapse\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses methods involving parametric noise (including Gaussian noise) during fine-tuning and aims to discourage representation change, it does not specifically mention minimizing the symmetric KL-divergence between the model output of an original input and that of the input perturbed by Gaussian noise. The focus of the paper is on trust region methods and reducing representational collapse, rather than explicitly addressing the symmetric KL-divergence minimization as described in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works focused on modifying the diffusion sampling process in diffusion-based human motion composition?\nTitle: MultiDiffusion: Fusing Diffusion Paths for Controlled Image Generation\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent advances in text-to-image generation with diffusion models present transformative capabilities in image quality. However, user controllability of the generated image, and fast adaptation to new tasks still remains an open challenge, currently mostly addressed by costly and long re-training and fine-tuning or ad-hoc adaptations to specific image generation tasks. In this work, we present MultiDiffusion, a unified framework that enables versatile and controllable image generation, using a pre-trained text-to-image diffusion model, without any further training or finetuning. At the center of our approach is a new generation process, based on an optimization task that binds together multiple diffusion generation processes with a shared set of parameters or constraints. We show that MultiDiffusion can be readily applied to generate high quality and diverse images that adhere to user-provided controls, such as desired aspect ratio (e.g., panorama), and spatial guiding signals, ranging from tight segmentation masks to bounding boxes. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"MultiDiffusion: Fusing Diffusion Paths for Controlled Image Generation\" focuses on modifying the diffusion sampling process for controlled image generation, specifically in the context of text-to-image generation. It introduces a framework that enables controllable image generation by optimizing multiple diffusion generation processes with shared parameters or constraints. However, the paper does not address human motion composition or diffusion-based methods for generating or composing human motion. The user query specifically asks for works focused on modifying the diffusion sampling process in the context of human motion composition, which this paper does not satisfy."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers focused on ordinary differential equation systems using two factor disentanglement methods based on Kalman filter and state-space models?\nTitle: Disentangled State Space Representations\nAbstract:  Abstract Sequential data often originates from diverse domains across which statistical regularities and domain specifics exist. To specifically learn cross-domain sequence representations, we introduce disentangled state space models (DSSM) – a class of SSM in which domain-invariant state dynamics is explicitly disentangled from domain-specific information governing that dynamics. We analyze how such separation can improve knowledge transfer to new domains, and enable robust prediction, sequence manipulation and domain characterization. We furthermore propose an unsupervised VAE-based training procedure to implement DSSM in form of Bayesian filters. In our experiments, we applied VAE-DSSM framework to achieve competitive performance in online ODE system identification and regression across experimental settings, and controlled generation and prediction of bouncing ball video sequences across varying gravitational influences. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper titled \"Disentangled State Space Representations\" does discuss disentanglement methods and state-space models, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. The paper focuses on disentangled state-space models (DSSM) and mentions Bayesian filters (which could be related to Kalman filters), but it does not explicitly state that it uses Kalman filters. Additionally, while the paper mentions online ODE system identification and regression, it does not clearly indicate that it uses a two-factor disentanglement method specifically for ordinary differential equation systems in the context of Kalman filters. Therefore, the paper does not fully meet all the criteria outlined in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you list the papers discussing conservative value function updates in model-free offline RL?\nTitle: Offline Reinforcement Learning with Fisher Divergence Critic Regularization\nAbstract:  Abstract Many modern approaches to offline Reinforcement Learning (RL) utilize behavior regularization, typically augmenting a model-free actor critic algorithm with a penalty measuring divergence of the policy from the offline data. In this work, we propose an alternative approach to encouraging the learned policy to stay close to the data, namely parameterizing the critic as the log\\log-behavior-policy, which generated the offline data, plus a state-action value offset term, which can be learned using a neural network. Behavior regularization then corresponds to an appropriate regularizer on the offset term. We propose using a gradient penalty regularizer for the offset term and demonstrate its equivalence to Fisher divergence regularization, suggesting connections to the score matching and generative energy-based model literature. We thus term our resulting algorithm Fisher-BRC (Behavior Regularized Critic). On standard offline RL benchmarks, Fisher-BRC achieves both improved performance and faster convergence over existing state-of-the-art methods. 111Code to reproduce our results is available at https://github.com/google-research/google-research/tree/master/fisher_brc. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Offline Reinforcement Learning with Fisher Divergence Critic Regularization\"* does not explicitly focus on conservative value function updates in model-free offline RL. While it discusses behavior regularization and proposes a novel approach using Fisher divergence regularization for the critic, the focus is on regularizing the critic's offset term and encouraging the policy to stay close to the offline data. Conservative value function updates typically involve explicitly constraining or penalizing the value function to avoid overestimation errors in offline RL, which is not the primary focus of this paper. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide works related to system optimizations to improve inference speed for transforming LLMs?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the absence of a detailed abstract or content related to system optimizations for improving inference speed in transforming LLMs do not provide sufficient evidence to confirm that the paper satisfies the user query. The title and abstract lack any explicit mention of system-level optimizations, inference speed improvements, or specific techniques for transforming large language models (LLMs). Thus, it cannot be determined that the paper aligns with the user's requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works refined unit matching techniques aiming to improve model merging?\nTitle: Convergent Learning: Do different neural networks learn the same representations?\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent successes in training large, deep neural networks have prompted active investigation into the representations learned on their intermediate layers. Such research is difficult because it requires making sense of non-linear computations performed by millions of learned parameters, but valuable because it increases our ability to understand current models and training algorithms and thus create improved versions of them. In this paper we investigate the extent to which neural networks exhibit what we call convergent learning, which is when the representations learned by multiple nets converge to a set of features which are either individually similar between networks or where subsets of features span similar low-dimensional spaces. We propose a specific method of probing representations: training multiple networks and then comparing and contrasting their individual, learned representations at the level of neurons or groups of neurons. We begin research into this question by introducing three techniques to approximately align different neural networks on a feature or subspace level: a bipartite matching approach that makes one-to-one assignments between neurons, a sparse prediction and clustering approach that finds one-to-many mappings, and a spectral clustering approach that finds many-to-many mappings. This initial investigation reveals a few interesting, previously unknown properties of neural networks, and we argue that future research into the question of convergent learning will yield many more. The insights described here include (1) that some features are learned reliably in multiple networks, yet other features are not consistently learned; (2) that units learn to span low-dimensional subspaces and, while these subspaces are common to multiple networks, the specific basis vectors learned are not; (3) that the representation codes show evidence of being a mix between a local (single unit) code and slightly, but not fully, distributed codes across multiple units; (4) that the average activation values of neurons vary considerably within a network, yet the mean activation values across different networks converge to an almost identical distribution. 111A preliminary version of this work was presented at the NIPS 2015 Feature Extraction workshop. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Convergent Learning: Do different neural networks learn the same representations?\" introduces techniques for aligning and comparing representations learned by different neural networks, such as bipartite matching, sparse prediction and clustering, and spectral clustering. While these techniques involve unit matching to analyze and compare neural network representations, the paper does not explicitly aim to refine unit matching techniques for the purpose of improving model merging. The focus is on understanding convergent learning and the properties of learned representations across networks, rather than on refining unit matching techniques specifically for model merging tasks. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works proposed predicting electron and phonon DOS based on features of crystalline materials?\nTitle: Clebsch–Gordan Nets: a Fully Fourier Space Spherical Convolutional Neural Network\nAbstract:  Abstract Recent work by Cohen et al. [1] has achieved state-of-the-art results for learning spherical images in a rotation invariant way by using ideas from group representation theory and noncommutative harmonic analysis. In this paper we propose a generalization of this work that generally exhibits improved performace, but from an implementation point of view is actually simpler. An unusual feature of the proposed architecture is that it uses the Clebsch–Gordan transform as its only source of nonlinearity, thus avoiding repeated forward and backward Fourier transforms. The underlying ideas of the paper generalize to constructing neural networks that are invariant to the action of other compact groups. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper titled \"Clebsch–Gordan Nets: a Fully Fourier Space Spherical Convolutional Neural Network\" does not address the prediction of electron and phonon density of states (DOS) based on features of crystalline materials. Instead, it focuses on the development of a spherical convolutional neural network architecture using Clebsch–Gordan transforms for learning spherical images in a rotation-invariant manner. The abstract and context of the paper do not mention electron or phonon DOS, crystalline materials, or any related predictive tasks. Therefore, it does not satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about utilizing non-robotics datasets in robot learning?\nTitle: Ego4D: Around the World in 3,000 Hours of Egocentric Video\nAbstract:  Abstract We introduce Ego4D, a massive-scale egocentric video dataset and benchmark suite. It offers 3,670 hours of daily-life activity video spanning hundreds of scenarios (household, outdoor, workplace, leisure, etc.) captured by 931 unique camera wearers from 74 worldwide locations and 9 different countries. The approach to collection is designed to uphold rigorous privacy and ethics standards, with consenting participants and robust de-identification procedures where relevant. Ego4D dramatically expands the volume of diverse egocentric video footage publicly available to the research community. Portions of the video are accompanied by audio, 3D meshes of the environment, eye gaze, stereo, and/or synchronized videos from multiple egocentric cameras at the same event. Furthermore, we present a host of new benchmark challenges centered around understanding the first-person visual experience in the past (querying an episodic memory), present (analyzing hand-object manipulation, audio-visual conversation, and social interactions), and future (forecasting activities). By publicly sharing this massive annotated dataset and benchmark suite, we aim to push the frontier of first-person perception.  Project page: https://ego4d-data.org/ ", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper \"Ego4D: Around the World in 3,000 Hours of Egocentric Video\" introduces a large-scale egocentric video dataset and benchmark suite focused on first-person perception tasks such as episodic memory, hand-object manipulation, and activity forecasting. While the dataset is relevant to first-person visual experiences and may have potential applications in robot learning, the paper does not explicitly address or explore the utilization of non-robotics datasets (like Ego4D) in robot learning. The user query specifically seeks studies about applying non-robotics datasets in robot learning, which this paper does not directly satisfy."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers support all possible growth dimensions in progressive training?\nTitle: Learning to Grow Pretrained Models for Efficient Transformer Training\nAbstract:  Abstract Scaling transformers has led to significant breakthroughs in many domains, leading to a paradigm in which larger versions of existing models are trained and released on a periodic basis. New instances of such models are typically trained completely from scratch, despite the fact that they are often just scaled-up versions of their smaller counterparts. How can we use the implicit knowledge in the parameters of smaller, extant models to enable faster training of newer, larger models? This paper describes an approach for accelerating transformer training by learning to grow pretrained transformers, where we learn to linearly map the parameters of the smaller model to initialize the larger model. For tractable learning, we factorize the linear transformation as a composition of (linear) width- and depth-growth operators, and further employ a Kronecker factorization of these growth operators to encode architectural knowledge. Extensive experiments across both language and vision transformers demonstrate that our learned Linear Growth Operator (LiGO) can save up to 50%percent5050\\% computational cost of training from scratch, while also consistently outperforming strong baselines that also reuse smaller pretrained models to initialize larger models.111Project page: https://vita-group.github.io/LiGO/ ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Learning to Grow Pretrained Models for Efficient Transformer Training\" focuses on a specific approach to progressive training by learning to grow pretrained transformers. It introduces a method to linearly map the parameters of smaller models to initialize larger models, using width- and depth-growth operators. While this is a valuable contribution, the paper does not explicitly address *all possible growth dimensions* in progressive training. The focus is limited to width and depth growth, and there is no discussion or exploration of other potential growth dimensions (e.g., sequence length, model architecture modifications, or other scaling factors). Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user query, which seeks support for all possible growth dimensions in progressive training."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work introduced Separated Attribute Predictability (SAP)?\nTitle: Variational Inference of Disentangled Latent Concepts from Unlabeled Observations\nAbstract:  Abstract Disentangled representations, where the higher level data generative factors are reflected in disjoint latent dimensions, offer several benefits such as ease of deriving invariant representations, transferability to other tasks, interpretability, etc. We consider the problem of unsupervised learning of disentangled representations from large pool of unlabeled observations, and propose a variational inference based approach to infer disentangled latent factors. We introduce a regularizer on the expectation of the approximate posterior over observed data that encourages the disentanglement. We also propose a new disentanglement metric which is better aligned with the qualitative disentanglement observed in the decoder’s output. We empirically observe significant improvement over existing methods in terms of both disentanglement and data likelihood (reconstruction quality). ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper titled \"Variational Inference of Disentangled Latent Concepts from Unlabeled Observations\" does not explicitly mention introducing Separated Attribute Predictability (SAP). While the paper discusses disentangled representations and proposes a new disentanglement metric, there is no evidence in the abstract that it introduces SAP. The user query specifically asks for the work that introduced SAP, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement based on the provided information."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discuss techniques that directly use human preference data for supervised fine-tuning for alignment?\nTitle: Preference Ranking Optimization for Human Alignment\nAbstract:  Abstract Large language models (LLMs) often contain misleading content, emphasizing the need to align them with human values to ensure secur AI systems. Reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) has been employed to achieve this alignment by combining a reward model, typically based on Bradley-Terry paired comparison, with an RL algorithm such as Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) to optimize LLM responses. However, RLHF exhibits complexity, instability, and sensitivity to hyperparameters. In this paper, we propose Preference Ranking Optimization (PRO) as an alternative to PPO for directly aligning LLMs with the Bradley-Terry comparison. PRO extends the pairwise Bradley-Terry comparison to accommodate preference rankings of any length. By iteratively contrasting the likelihood of generating responses, PRO instructs the LLM to prioritize the best response while progressively ranking the remaining responses. In this manner, PRO effectively transforms human alignment into aligning the probability ranking of n𝑛n responses generated by LLM with the preference ranking of humans towards these responses. Experiments have shown that PRO outperforms existing alignment algorithms, achieving comparable results to ChatGPT and human responses through automatic-based, reward-based, GPT-4, and human evaluations. Furthermore, we demonstrate that longer, more diverse, and higher-quality preference ranking sequences can consistently enhance the performance of human alignment111The code of this work is available at https://github.com/AlibabaResearch/DAMO-ConvAI/tree/main/PRO. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Preference Ranking Optimization for Human Alignment\" primarily discusses the use of human preference data for aligning large language models (LLMs) through a novel optimization method called Preference Ranking Optimization (PRO). However, the technique described does not involve **supervised fine-tuning** using human preference data. Instead, it focuses on an iterative ranking-based optimization approach that aligns model outputs with human preferences, which is more akin to a reinforcement learning paradigm rather than supervised fine-tuning. The user query specifically asks for papers that discuss techniques using human preference data for **supervised fine-tuning**, which this paper does not address."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works discussed the incorporation of reinforcement learning tasks into the sequence-to-sequence framework?\nTitle: A Generalist Agent\nAbstract:  Abstract Inspired by progress in large-scale language modeling, we apply a similar approach towards building a single generalist agent beyond the realm of text outputs. The agent, which we refer to as Gato, works as a multi-modal, multi-task, multi-embodiment generalist policy. The same network with the same weights can play Atari, caption images, chat, stack blocks with a real robot arm and much more, deciding based on its context whether to output text, joint torques, button presses, or other tokens. In this report we describe the model and the data, and document the current capabilities of Gato. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"A Generalist Agent\" describes the development and capabilities of Gato, a multi-modal, multi-task, and multi-embodiment generalist policy. While it mentions reinforcement learning tasks (e.g., playing Atari, controlling a robot arm), the paper does not explicitly discuss the incorporation of reinforcement learning tasks into the sequence-to-sequence framework. The focus is on the generalist nature of the agent and its ability to handle various tasks, rather than specifically addressing how reinforcement learning tasks are integrated into a sequence-to-sequence framework. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work introduces 'The Stack', a large dataset of licensed source code in multiple programming languages?\nTitle: Formatting Instructions for TMLR Journal Submissions\nAbstract:  Abstract The abstract paragraph should be indented 1/2 inch on both left and right-hand margins. Use 10 point type, with a vertical spacing of 11 points. The word Abstract must be centered, in bold, and in point size 12. Two line spaces precede the abstract. The abstract must be limited to one paragraph. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Formatting Instructions for TMLR Journal Submissions\" is a document providing formatting guidelines for submissions to the TMLR journal. It does not introduce or discuss 'The Stack,' a large dataset of licensed source code in multiple programming languages. The abstract provided is entirely focused on formatting instructions and does not address any dataset or research related to 'The Stack.' Therefore, this paper does not satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works have looked into the use of relation structures on a span-level in natural languages?\nTitle: Revealing the Myth of Higher-Order Inference in Coreference Resolution\nAbstract:  Abstract This paper analyzes the impact of higher-order inference (HOI) on the task of coreference resolution. HOI has been adapted by almost all recent coreference resolution models without taking much investigation on its true effectiveness over representation learning. To make acomprehensive analysis, we implement an end-to-end coreference system as well as four HOI approaches, attended antecedent, entity equalization, span clustering, and cluster merging, where the latter two are our original methods. We find that given a high-performing encoder such as SpanBERT, the impact of HOI is negative to marginal, providing a new perspective of HOI to this task. Our best model using cluster merging shows the Avg-F1 of 80.2 on the CoNLL 2012 shared task dataset in English. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Revealing the Myth of Higher-Order Inference in Coreference Resolution\"* primarily focuses on analyzing the impact of higher-order inference (HOI) methods on coreference resolution. While it discusses span-level representations (as coreference resolution inherently involves spans of text) and investigates methods like span clustering and cluster merging, the paper does not explicitly focus on or investigate the use of **relation structures** on a span-level in natural languages. The emphasis is on evaluating the effectiveness of HOI techniques rather than exploring or leveraging relation structures between spans. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works propose to use the mean and variance of the activations captured by the batch Norm layers to improve gradient inversion?\nTitle: GradViT: Gradient Inversion of Vision Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract In this work we demonstrate the vulnerability of vision transformers (ViTs) to gradient-based inversion attacks. During this attack, the original data batch is reconstructed given model weights and the corresponding gradients. We introduce a method, named GradViT, that optimizes random noise into naturally looking images via an iterative process. The optimization objective consists of (i) a loss on matching the gradients, (ii) image prior in the form of distance to batch-normalization statistics of a pretrained CNN model, and (iii) a total variation regularization on patches to guide correct recovery locations. We propose a unique loss scheduling function to overcome local minima during optimization. We evaluate GadViT on ImageNet1K and MS-Celeb-1M datasets, and observe unprecedentedly high fidelity and closeness to the original (hidden) data. During the analysis we find that vision transformers are significantly more vulnerable than previously studied CNNs due to the presence of the attention mechanism. Our method demonstrates new state-of-the-art results for gradient inversion in both qualitative and quantitative metrics. Project page at https://gradvit.github.io/. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"GradViT: Gradient Inversion of Vision Transformers,\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses gradient inversion attacks and introduces the GradViT method, it does not specifically propose using the mean and variance of the activations captured by the batch normalization (BatchNorm) layers to improve gradient inversion. Instead, the paper mentions using an image prior in the form of distance to batch-normalization statistics of a pretrained CNN model as part of the optimization objective. This is not equivalent to directly leveraging the mean and variance of activations from BatchNorm layers for gradient inversion, as required by the query. Thus, the paper does not meet the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you tell me about the research that uses CLIP to obtain language tokens that semantically correspond to concepts present in synthetic environments?\nTitle: Learning Transferable Visual Models From Natural Language Supervision\nAbstract:  Abstract State-of-the-art computer vision systems are trained to predict a fixed set of predetermined object categories. This restricted form of supervision limits their generality and usability since additional labeled data is needed to specify any other visual concept. Learning directly from raw text about images is a promising alternative which leverages a much broader source of supervision. We demonstrate that the simple pre-training task of predicting which caption goes with which image is an efficient and scalable way to learn SOTA image representations from scratch on a dataset of 400 million (image, text) pairs collected from the internet. After pre-training, natural language is used to reference learned visual concepts (or describe new ones) enabling zero-shot transfer of the model to downstream tasks. We study the performance of this approach by benchmarking on over 30 different existing computer vision datasets, spanning tasks such as OCR, action recognition in videos, geo-localization, and many types of fine-grained object classification. The model transfers non-trivially to most tasks and is often competitive with a fully supervised baseline without the need for any dataset specific training. For instance, we match the accuracy of the original ResNet-50 on ImageNet zero-shot without needing to use any of the 1.28 million training examples it was trained on. We release our code and pre-trained model weights at https://github.com/OpenAI/CLIP. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper, \"Learning Transferable Visual Models From Natural Language Supervision,\" primarily focuses on the development and capabilities of CLIP (Contrastive Language–Image Pretraining) as a model trained on large-scale natural image-text pairs from the internet. While the paper demonstrates the ability of CLIP to learn visual representations and transfer them to various downstream tasks using natural language as a supervisory signal, it does not specifically address the use of CLIP to obtain language tokens that semantically correspond to concepts present in synthetic environments. The paper's focus is on general natural image-text correspondence and zero-shot transfer to real-world datasets, rather than the application of CLIP in synthetic environments or the extraction of semantic language tokens in such contexts. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies recognized the importance of specialist text annotations in WSI analysis and started to utilize this information?\nTitle: Text-guided Foundation Model Adaptation for Pathological Image Classification\nAbstract:  Abstract The recent surge of foundation models in computer vision and natural language processing opens up perspectives in utilizing multi-modal clinical data to train large models with strong generalizability. Yet pathological image datasets often lack biomedical text annotation and enrichment. Guiding data-efficient image diagnosis from the use of biomedical text knowledge becomes a substantial interest. In this paper, we propose to Connect Image and Text Embeddings (CITE) to enhance pathological image classification. CITE injects text insights gained from language models pre-trained with a broad range of biomedical texts, leading to adapt foundation models towards pathological image understanding. Through extensive experiments on the PatchGastric stomach tumor pathological image dataset, we demonstrate that CITE achieves leading performance compared with various baselines especially when training data is scarce. CITE offers insights into leveraging in-domain text knowledge to reinforce data-efficient pathological image classification. Code is available at https://github.com/Yunkun-Zhang/CITE. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper focuses on utilizing text insights from pre-trained language models with biomedical texts to enhance pathological image classification. While it highlights the use of text knowledge to guide image diagnosis, it does not explicitly recognize the importance of specialist text annotations specifically in Whole Slide Image (WSI) analysis or discuss their utilization in this context. The paper's emphasis is on general biomedical text knowledge and its application to pathological image understanding, rather than specialist text annotations in WSI analysis as required by the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works that proposed to solve incidental correlations of image background using augmentation methods?\nTitle: Few-shot Learning via Saliency-guided Hallucination of Samples\nAbstract:  Abstract Learning new concepts from a few of samples is a standard challenge in computer vision. The main directions to improve the learning ability of few-shot training models include (i) a robust similarity learning and (ii) generating or hallucinating additional data from the limited existing samples. In this paper, we follow the latter direction and present a novel data hallucination model. Currently, most datapoint generators contain a specialized network (i.e., GAN) tasked with hallucinating new datapoints, thus requiring large numbers of annotated data for their training in the first place. In this paper, we propose a novel less-costly hallucination method for few-shot learning which utilizes saliency maps. To this end, we employ a saliency network to obtain the foregrounds and backgrounds of available image samples and feed the resulting maps into a two-stream network to hallucinate datapoints directly in the feature space from viable foreground-background combinations. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to leverage saliency maps for such a task and we demonstrate their usefulness in hallucinating additional datapoints for few-shot learning. Our proposed network achieves the state of the art on publicly available datasets. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on few-shot learning and proposes a saliency-guided hallucination method to generate additional datapoints by combining foreground and background information using saliency maps. While the paper does involve the use of saliency maps to separate foregrounds and backgrounds, its primary goal is to improve few-shot learning by generating augmented data. The paper does not explicitly address the issue of solving incidental correlations of image backgrounds, which is the specific focus of the user query. The user is looking for works that tackle the problem of incidental correlations in image backgrounds, whereas this paper is more concerned with data augmentation for few-shot learning rather than addressing background correlation issues directly."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper has derived the first high-probability results for non-convex optimization under Assumption?\nTitle: High-probability bounds for Non-Convex Stochastic Optimization with Heavy Tails\nAbstract:  Abstract We consider non-convex stochastic optimization using first-order algorithms for which the gradient estimates may have heavy tails. We show that a combination of gradient clipping, momentum, and normalized gradient descent yields convergence to critical points in high-probability with best-known rates for smooth losses when the gradients only have bounded 𝔭𝔭\\mathfrak{p}th moments for some 𝔭∈(1,2]𝔭12\\mathfrak{p}\\in(1,2]. We then consider the case of second-order smooth losses, which to our knowledge have not been studied in this setting, and again obtain high-probability bounds for any 𝔭𝔭\\mathfrak{p}. Moreover, our results hold for arbitrary smooth norms, in contrast to the typical SGD analysis which requires a Hilbert space norm. Further, we show that after a suitable “burn-in” period, the objective value will monotonically decrease whenever the current iterate is not a critical point, which provides intuition behind the popular practice of learning rate “warm-up” and also yields a last-iterate guarantee. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled *\"High-probability bounds for Non-Convex Stochastic Optimization with Heavy Tails\"* does present high-probability results for non-convex optimization under certain assumptions, specifically focusing on settings with heavy-tailed gradient noise and smooth losses. However, the user query specifically asks for the **first** paper to derive such high-probability results under assumption. The abstract of the searched paper does not claim to be the first work to derive such results, nor does it provide evidence that it is the pioneering work in this area. Without explicit evidence or claims of being the first, the paper cannot be conclusively identified as satisfying the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What works illustrated that single-label approaches in representation learning resulted in sub-optimal models at the patch level?\nTitle: Multi-modal Masked Autoencoders Learn Compositional Histopathological Representations\nAbstract:  Abstract Self-supervised learning (SSL) enables learning useful inductive biases through utilizing pretext tasks that require no labels. The unlabeled nature of SSL makes it especially important for whole slide histopathological images (WSIs), where patch-level human annotation is difficult. Masked Autoencoders (MAE) is a recent SSL method suitable for digital pathology as it does not require negative sampling and requires little to no data augmentations (DA). However, the domain shift between natural images and digital pathology images requires further research in designing MAE for patch-level WSIs. In this paper, we investigate several design choices for MAE in histopathology. Furthermore, we introduce a multi-modal MAE (MMAE) that leverages the specific compositionality of Hematoxylin & Eosin (H&E) stained WSIs. We performed our experiments on the public patch-level dataset NCT-CRC-HE-100K. The results show that the MMAE architecture outperforms supervised baselines and other state-of-the-art SSL techniques for an eight-class tissue phenotyping task, utilizing only 100 labeled samples for fine-tuning. Our code is available at https://github.com/wisdomikezogwo/MMAE_Pathology ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Multi-modal Masked Autoencoders Learn Compositional Histopathological Representations,\" focuses on self-supervised learning (SSL) approaches, specifically Masked Autoencoders (MAE) and their multi-modal variant (MMAE), for patch-level representation learning in histopathology. While it discusses the design and performance of SSL methods for patch-level tasks, it does not explicitly address or evaluate the limitations of single-label approaches in representation learning or provide evidence that single-label approaches result in sub-optimal models at the patch level. The paper is centered on the development and evaluation of a multi-modal SSL method rather than a comparative analysis of single-label versus other approaches. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers document methods that inherit convolutional inductive biases via knowledge distillation, local self-attention, and architectural fusion?\nTitle: CMT: Convolutional Neural Networks Meet Vision Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract Vision transformers have been successfully applied to image recognition tasks due to their ability to capture long-range dependencies within an image. However, there are still gaps in both performance and computational cost between transformers and existing convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In this paper, we aim to address this issue and develop a network that can outperform not only the canonical transformers, but also the high-performance convolutional models. We propose a new transformer based hybrid network by taking advantage of transformers to capture long-range dependencies, and of CNNs to extract local information. Furthermore, we scale it to obtain a family of models, called CMTs, obtaining much better trade-off for accuracy and efficiency than previous CNN-based and transformer-based models. In particular, our CMT-S achieves 83.5% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, while being 14x and 2x smaller on FLOPs than the existing DeiT and EfficientNet, respectively. The proposed CMT-S also generalizes well on CIFAR10 (99.2%), CIFAR100 (91.7%), Flowers (98.7%), and other challenging vision datasets such as COCO (44.3% mAP), with considerably less computational cost. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"CMT: Convolutional Neural Networks Meet Vision Transformers\" discusses a hybrid network that combines the strengths of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and vision transformers, it does not explicitly document methods that inherit convolutional inductive biases via **knowledge distillation**, **local self-attention**, and **architectural fusion** as specified in the user query. \n\n- The paper focuses on integrating CNNs for local feature extraction and transformers for capturing long-range dependencies, which aligns with the concept of architectural fusion. However, it does not explicitly mention the use of **knowledge distillation** as a technique to transfer convolutional inductive biases.  \n- While the network may implicitly leverage local self-attention mechanisms due to its transformer components, the paper does not explicitly highlight local self-attention as a distinct method or focus area.  \n- The emphasis is on achieving a trade-off between accuracy and efficiency through hybrid architecture design, rather than explicitly addressing all three components (knowledge distillation, local self-attention, and architectural fusion) together.\n\nThus, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies focus on sequence length reduction in transformers as a method of model compression from the width perspective?\nTitle: How Contextual are Contextualized Word Representations? Comparing the Geometry of BERT, ELMo, and GPT-2 Embeddings\nAbstract:  Abstract Replacing static word embeddings with contextualized word representations has yielded significant improvements on many NLP tasks. However, just how contextual are the contextualized representations produced by models such as ELMo and BERT? Are there infinitely many context-specific representations for each word, or are words essentially assigned one of a finite number of word-sense representations? For one, we find that the contextualized representations of all words are not isotropic in any layer of the contextualizing model. While representations of the same word in different contexts still have a greater cosine similarity than those of two different words, this self-similarity is much lower in upper layers. This suggests that upper layers of contextualizing models produce more context-specific representations, much like how upper layers of LSTMs produce more task-specific representations. In all layers of ELMo, BERT, and GPT-2, on average, less than 5% of the variance in a word’s contextualized representations can be explained by a static embedding for that word, providing some justification for the success of contextualized representations. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"How Contextual are Contextualized Word Representations? Comparing the Geometry of BERT, ELMo, and GPT-2 Embeddings\" does not satisfy the requirements of the user query. The paper focuses on analyzing the contextualized word representations produced by models like BERT, ELMo, and GPT-2, specifically investigating the geometry, isotropy, and context-specific nature of these embeddings. It does not address sequence length reduction in transformers, nor does it explore model compression from the width perspective. The user query specifically seeks studies on sequence length reduction as a method of model compression, which is unrelated to the content and focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies discuss sampling-based algorithms for ANN problem?\nTitle: A Bandit Approach to Maximum Inner Product Search\nAbstract:  Abstract There has been substantial research on sub-linear time approximate algorithms for Maximum Inner Product Search (MIPS). To achieve fast query time, state-of-the-art techniques require significant preprocessing, which can be a burden when the number of subsequent queries is not sufficiently large to amortize the cost. Furthermore, existing methods do not have the ability to directly control the suboptimality of their approximate results with theoretical guarantees. In this paper, we propose the first approximate algorithm for MIPS that does not require any preprocessing, and allows users to control and bound the suboptimality of the results. We cast MIPS as a Best Arm Identification problem, and introduce a new bandit setting that can fully exploit the special structure of MIPS. Our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods on both synthetic and real-world datasets. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on Maximum Inner Product Search (MIPS) and proposes a bandit-based approach to solve it. While MIPS is related to approximate nearest neighbor (ANN) problems, the paper does not explicitly discuss sampling-based algorithms for the ANN problem. Instead, it introduces a new bandit setting and algorithm that does not involve preprocessing or sampling-based techniques. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query, which specifically seeks studies on sampling-based algorithms for the ANN problem."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies initially applied simple transformations to labeled samples for data augmentation?\nTitle: Very Deep Convolutional Networks for Large-Scale Image Recognition\nAbstract:  Abstract In this work we investigate the effect of the convolutional network depth on its accuracy in the large-scale image recognition setting. Our main contribution is a thorough evaluation of networks of increasing depth using an architecture with very small (3×3333\\times 3) convolution filters, which shows that a significant improvement on the prior-art configurations can be achieved by pushing the depth to 16–19 weight layers. These findings were the basis of our ImageNet Challenge 2014 submission, where our team secured the first and the second places in the localisation and classification tracks respectively. We also show that our representations generalise well to other datasets, where they achieve state-of-the-art results. We have made our two best-performing ConvNet models publicly available to facilitate further research on the use of deep visual representations in computer vision. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"Very Deep Convolutional Networks for Large-Scale Image Recognition,\" primarily focuses on investigating the effect of convolutional network depth on accuracy in large-scale image recognition tasks. While it discusses advancements in network architecture and performance, the abstract does not explicitly mention the application of simple transformations to labeled samples for data augmentation. The user query specifically seeks studies that initially applied such transformations for data augmentation, and this paper does not address or highlight that aspect. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies propose probabilistic models for uncertainty modeling in deep forecasting?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \n\nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the abstract are not given in detail. Without a clear abstract or content, it is impossible to determine whether the paper proposes probabilistic models for uncertainty modeling in deep forecasting. The title alone does not provide sufficient evidence to conclude that the paper satisfies the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers proposed the exploration of the zero-shot ability of CLIP in open-domain tasks?\nTitle: WinCLIP: Zero-/Few-Shot Anomaly Classification and Segmentation\nAbstract:  Abstract Visual anomaly classification and segmentation are vital for automating industrial quality inspection. The focus of prior research in the field has been on training custom models for each quality inspection task, which requires task-specific images and annotation. In this paper we move away from this regime, addressing zero-shot and few-normal-shot anomaly classification and segmentation. Recently CLIP, a vision-language model, has shown revolutionary generality with competitive zero-/few-shot performance in comparison to full-supervision. But CLIP falls short on anomaly classification and segmentation tasks. Hence, we propose window-based CLIP (WinCLIP) with (1) a compositional ensemble on state words and prompt templates and (2) efficient extraction and aggregation of window/patch/image-level features aligned with text. We also propose its few-normal-shot extension WinCLIP+, which uses complementary information from normal images. In MVTec-AD (and VisA), without further tuning, WinCLIP achieves 91.8%/85.1%percent91.8percent85.191.8\\%/85.1\\% (78.1%/79.6%)percent78.1percent79.6(78.1\\%/79.6\\%) AUROC in zero-shot anomaly classification and segmentation while WinCLIP+ does 93.1%/95.2%percent93.1percent95.293.1\\%/95.2\\% (83.8%/96.4%)percent83.8percent96.4(83.8\\%/96.4\\%) in 1-normal-shot, surpassing state-of-the-art by large margins. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"WinCLIP: Zero-/Few-Shot Anomaly Classification and Segmentation,\" focuses on leveraging CLIP for anomaly classification and segmentation tasks, specifically in the context of industrial quality inspection. While it does explore the zero-shot capabilities of CLIP, its primary focus is on a specific domain (anomaly detection) rather than open-domain tasks. The user query explicitly seeks papers that explore the zero-shot ability of CLIP in open-domain tasks, which implies a broader scope of applications across diverse domains. Since this paper is domain-specific and does not address open-domain tasks comprehensively, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Who proposed a GCN-based method to handle emerging entities more flexibly?\nTitle: Inductive Knowledge Graph Reasoning for Multi-batch Emerging Entities\nAbstract:  Abstract. Over the years, reasoning over knowledge graphs (KGs), which aims to infer new conclusions from known facts, has mostly focused on static KGs. The unceasing growth of knowledge in real life raises the necessity to enable the inductive reasoning ability on expanding KGs. Existing inductive work assumes that new entities all emerge once in a batch, which oversimplifies the real scenario that new entities continually appear. This study dives into a more realistic and challenging setting where new entities emerge in multiple batches. We propose a walk-based inductive reasoning model to tackle the new setting. Specifically, a graph convolutional network with adaptive relation aggregation is designed to encode and update entities using their neighboring relations. To capture the varying neighbor importance, we employ a query-aware feedback attention mechanism during the aggregation. Furthermore, to alleviate the sparse link problem of new entities, we propose a link augmentation strategy to add trustworthy facts into KGs. We construct three new datasets for simulating this multi-batch emergence scenario. The experimental results show that our proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art embedding-based, walk-based and rule-based models on inductive KG reasoning. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper does not fully satisfy the user's query. While the paper discusses a method involving a graph convolutional network (GCN) for inductive reasoning over knowledge graphs (KGs), it does not explicitly focus on handling \"emerging entities more flexibly\" as the primary goal. Instead, the paper addresses a specific scenario of \"multi-batch emerging entities\" and proposes a walk-based inductive reasoning model that incorporates a GCN with adaptive relation aggregation. The emphasis is on reasoning over expanding KGs with entities appearing in multiple batches, rather than a general approach for handling emerging entities flexibly. Therefore, the paper does not directly align with the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What paper did a recent study on length generalization in various neural sequence models including RNNs and Stacked-RNNs?\nTitle: Neural Networks and the Chomsky Hierarchy\nAbstract:  Abstract Reliable generalization lies at the heart of safe ML and AI. However, understanding when and how neural networks generalize remains one of the most important unsolved problems in the field. In this work, we conduct an extensive empirical study (20 9102091020\\,910 models, 15 tasks) to investigate whether insights from the theory of computation can predict the limits of neural network generalization in practice. We demonstrate that grouping tasks according to the Chomsky hierarchy allows us to forecast whether certain architectures will be able to generalize to out-of-distribution inputs. This includes negative results where even extensive amounts of data and training time never lead to any non-trivial generalization, despite models having sufficient capacity to fit the training data perfectly. Our results show that, for our subset of tasks, RNNs and Transformers fail to generalize on non-regular tasks, LSTMs can solve regular and counter-language tasks, and only networks augmented with structured memory (such as a stack or memory tape) can successfully generalize on context-free and context-sensitive tasks. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: While the searched paper titled \"Neural Networks and the Chomsky Hierarchy\" discusses generalization in neural sequence models, including RNNs and models augmented with structured memory (e.g., Stacked-RNNs), its focus is on generalization across tasks categorized by the Chomsky hierarchy. The abstract does not specifically mention a study on **length generalization**, which refers to the ability of models to generalize to sequences of lengths not seen during training. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query, which explicitly asks about length generalization in various neural sequence models."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies that utilized prompting with special prefixes in multilingual NMT?\nTitle: Improving Massively Multilingual Neural Machine Translation and Zero-Shot Translation\nAbstract:  Abstract Massively multilingual models for neural machine translation (NMT) are theoretically attractive, but often underperform bilingual models and deliver poor zero-shot translations. In this paper, we explore ways to improve them. We argue that multilingual NMT requires stronger modeling capacity to support language pairs with varying typological characteristics, and overcome this bottleneck via language-specific components and deepening NMT architectures. We identify the off-target translation issue (i.e. translating into a wrong target language) as the major source of the inferior zero-shot performance, and propose random online backtranslation to enforce the translation of unseen training language pairs. Experiments on OPUS-100 (a novel multilingual dataset with 100 languages) show that our approach substantially narrows the performance gap with bilingual models in both one-to-many and many-to-many settings, and improves zero-shot performance by ∼similar-to\\sim10 BLEU, approaching conventional pivot-based methods.111We release our code at https://github.com/bzhangGo/zero. We release the OPUS-100 dataset at https://github.com/EdinburghNLP/opus-100-corpus. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on improving massively multilingual neural machine translation (NMT) and zero-shot translation by using language-specific components, deepening NMT architectures, and random online backtranslation. However, it does not mention or explore the use of prompting with special prefixes in multilingual NMT. The user query specifically asks for studies utilizing prompting with special prefixes, which is not addressed in the abstract or described methodology of the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the publications that proposed model-based CIL methods, increasing model components incrementally?\nTitle: Adaptive Aggregation Networks for Class-Incremental Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Class-Incremental Learning (CIL) aims to learn a classification model with the number of classes increasing phase-by-phase. An inherent problem in CIL is the stability-plasticity dilemma between the learning of old and new classes, i.e., high-plasticity models easily forget old classes, but high-stability models are weak to learn new classes. We alleviate this issue by proposing a novel network architecture called Adaptive Aggregation Networks (AANets) in which we explicitly build two types of residual blocks at each residual level (taking ResNet as the baseline architecture): a stable block and a plastic block. We aggregate the output feature maps from these two blocks and then feed the results to the next-level blocks. We adapt the aggregation weights in order to balance these two types of blocks, i.e., to balance stability and plasticity, dynamically. We conduct extensive experiments on three CIL benchmarks: CIFAR-100, ImageNet-Subset, and ImageNet, and show that many existing CIL methods can be straightforwardly incorporated into the architecture of AANets to boost their performances111Code: https://class-il.mpi-inf.mpg.de/. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Adaptive Aggregation Networks for Class-Incremental Learning\" does not fully satisfy the user query requirements. While it proposes a model-based CIL method (Adaptive Aggregation Networks) and addresses the stability-plasticity dilemma, it does not explicitly describe a mechanism for **increasing model components incrementally**. Instead, the paper focuses on dynamically adjusting aggregation weights between stable and plastic residual blocks within a fixed architecture. The architecture itself does not incrementally add new components or expand the model structure phase-by-phase as new classes are introduced, which is a key requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper describes the training of Point-NeRF MLPs on multiple objects for better generalization?\nTitle: SimNP: Learning Self-Similarity Priors Between Neural Points\nAbstract:  Abstract Existing neural field representations for 3D object reconstruction either (1) utilize object-level representations, but suffer from low-quality details due to conditioning on a global latent code, or (2) are able to perfectly reconstruct the observations, but fail to utilize object-level prior knowledge to infer unobserved regions. We present SimNP, a method to learn category-level self-similarities, which combines the advantages of both worlds by connecting neural point radiance fields with a category-level self-similarity representation. Our contribution is two-fold. (1) We design the first neural point representation on a category level by utilizing the concept of coherent point clouds. The resulting neural point radiance fields store a high level of detail for locally supported object regions. (2) We learn how information is shared between neural points in an unconstrained and unsupervised fashion, which allows to derive unobserved regions of an object during the reconstruction process from given observations. We show that SimNP is able to outperform previous methods in reconstructing symmetric unseen object regions, surpassing methods that build upon category-level or pixel-aligned radiance fields, while providing semantic correspondences between instances. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"SimNP: Learning Self-Similarity Priors Between Neural Points,\" does not explicitly describe the training of Point-NeRF MLPs on multiple objects for better generalization. Instead, it focuses on learning category-level self-similarities by connecting neural point radiance fields with a category-level self-similarity representation. While it discusses the use of neural point representations and category-level priors, it does not specifically address the training of Point-NeRF MLPs or their generalization across multiple objects, which is the core requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works represent the pure data-free distillation method?\nTitle: Progressive Distillation for Fast Sampling of Diffusion Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Diffusion models have recently shown great promise for generative modeling, outperforming GANs on perceptual quality and autoregressive models at density estimation. A remaining downside is their slow sampling time: generating high quality samples takes many hundreds or thousands of model evaluations. Here we make two contributions to help eliminate this downside: First, we present new parameterizations of diffusion models that provide increased stability when using few sampling steps. Second, we present a method to distill a trained deterministic diffusion sampler, using many steps, into a new diffusion model that takes half as many sampling steps. We then keep progressively applying this distillation procedure to our model, halving the number of required sampling steps each time. On standard image generation benchmarks like CIFAR-10, ImageNet, and LSUN, we start out with state-of-the-art samplers taking as many as 8192 steps, and are able to distill down to models taking as few as 4 steps without losing much perceptual quality; achieving, for example, a FID of 3.0 on CIFAR-10 in 4 steps. Finally, we show that the full progressive distillation procedure does not take more time than it takes to train the original model, thus representing an efficient solution for generative modeling using diffusion at both train and test time. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Progressive Distillation for Fast Sampling of Diffusion Models\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query for representing a pure data-free distillation method. The distillation process described in the paper involves distilling a trained deterministic diffusion sampler into a new model, but it does not explicitly state that this process is conducted in a purely data-free manner. In fact, the method likely relies on access to training data or synthetic data generated by the original model during the distillation process. A pure data-free distillation method would require that no real or synthetic data is used during the distillation process, which is not clearly the case here."}
{"input": "User Query: What study introduced the concept of a feedforward network that takes RGB frames of a fixed temporal window as input and predicts the motion for any given query point through iterative updates?\nTitle: Particle Video Revisited: Tracking Through Occlusions Using Point Trajectories\nAbstract:  Abstract Tracking pixels in videos is typically studied as an optical flow estimation problem, where every pixel is described with a displacement vector that locates it in the next frame. Even though wider temporal context is freely available, prior efforts to take this into account have yielded only small gains over 2-frame methods. In this paper, we revisit Sand and Teller’s “particle video” approach, and study pixel tracking as a long-range motion estimation problem, where every pixel is described with a trajectory that locates it in multiple future frames. We re-build this classic approach using components that drive the current state-of-the-art in flow and object tracking, such as dense cost maps, iterative optimization, and learned appearance updates. We train our models using long-range amodal point trajectories mined from existing optical flow data that we synthetically augment with multi-frame occlusions. We test our approach in trajectory estimation benchmarks and in keypoint label propagation tasks, and compare favorably against state-of-the-art optical flow and feature tracking methods. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Particle Video Revisited: Tracking Through Occlusions Using Point Trajectories\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses pixel tracking as a long-range motion estimation problem and mentions iterative optimization, it does not explicitly introduce the concept of a **feedforward network** that takes **RGB frames of a fixed temporal window** as input and predicts the motion for any given query point through iterative updates. Instead, the paper focuses on revisiting and improving the \"particle video\" approach using components like dense cost maps, learned appearance updates, and long-range amodal point trajectories. The abstract does not indicate that the method involves a feedforward network architecture as described in the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers covered the confustion-set based method for CSC data augmentation?\nTitle: Spelling Error Correction with Soft-Masked BERT\nAbstract:  Abstract Spelling error correction is an important yet challenging task because a satisfactory solution of it essentially needs human-level language understanding ability. Without loss of generality we consider Chinese spelling error correction (CSC) in this paper. A state-of-the-art method for the task selects a character from a list of candidates for correction (including non-correction) at each position of the sentence on the basis of BERT, the language representation model. The accuracy of the method can be sub-optimal, however, because BERT does not have sufficient capability to detect whether there is an error at each position, apparently due to the way of pre-training it using mask language modeling. In this work, we propose a novel neural architecture to address the aforementioned issue, which consists of a network for error detection and a network for error correction based on BERT, with the former being connected to the latter with what we call soft-masking technique. Our method of using ‘Soft-Masked BERT’ is general, and it may be employed in other language detection-correction problems. Experimental results on two datasets demonstrate that the performance of our proposed method is significantly better than the baselines including the one solely based on BERT. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled \"Spelling Error Correction with Soft-Masked BERT,\" focuses on a novel neural architecture for Chinese Spelling Correction (CSC) using a soft-masking technique with BERT. While it discusses methods for error detection and correction, there is no mention in the abstract of using a confusion-set-based method for CSC data augmentation. The confusion-set-based method refers to a specific approach where a predefined set of commonly confused characters is used to generate or augment data for CSC tasks, and this is not addressed in the abstract of the paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you specify the research that use large amounts of human supervision to teach LMs to use tools?\nTitle: LaMDA: Language Models for Dialog Applications\nAbstract:  Abstract We present LaMDA: Language Models for Dialog Applications. LaMDA is a family of Transformer-based neural language models specialized for dialog, which have up to 137B parameters and are pre-trained on 1.56T words of public dialog data and web text. While model scaling alone can improve quality, it shows less improvements on safety and factual grounding. We demonstrate that fine-tuning with annotated data and enabling the model to consult external knowledge sources can lead to significant improvements towards the two key challenges of safety and factual grounding. The first challenge, safety, involves ensuring that the model’s responses are consistent with a set of human values, such as preventing harmful suggestions and unfair bias. We quantify safety using a metric based on an illustrative set of human values, and we find that filtering candidate responses using a LaMDA classifier fine-tuned with a small amount of crowdworker-annotated data offers a promising approach to improving model safety. The second challenge, factual grounding, involves enabling the model to consult external knowledge sources, such as an information retrieval system, a language translator, and a calculator. We quantify factuality using a groundedness metric, and we find that our approach enables the model to generate responses grounded in known sources, rather than responses that merely sound plausible. Finally, we explore the use of LaMDA in the domains of education and content recommendations, and analyze their helpfulness and role consistency.  Figure 1: Impact of model pre-training alone vs. with fine-tuning in LaMDA on dialog quality (left), and safety and factual grounding (right). The quality metric (SSI) corresponds to sensibleness, specificity, and interestingness. See Section 4 for more details on these metrics.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"LaMDA: Language Models for Dialog Applications\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses the use of human supervision in fine-tuning the model (e.g., using crowdworker-annotated data to improve safety and factual grounding), it does not explicitly focus on using large amounts of human supervision to teach language models (LMs) to use tools. The paper mentions enabling the model to consult external knowledge sources (e.g., information retrieval systems, calculators, translators) to improve factual grounding, but it does not provide evidence or details about extensive human supervision specifically for teaching the model how to use these tools. The emphasis is more on fine-tuning for safety and factuality rather than on large-scale human-supervised training for tool usage."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works detail building different graph representations depending on the type of compounds?\nTitle: Neural Message Passing for Quantum Chemistry\nAbstract:  Abstract Supervised learning on molecules has incredible potential to be useful in chemistry, drug discovery, and materials science. Luckily, several promising and closely related neural network models invariant to molecular symmetries have already been described in the literature. These models learn a message passing algorithm and aggregation procedure to compute a function of their entire input graph. At this point, the next step is to find a particularly effective variant of this general approach and apply it to chemical prediction benchmarks until we either solve them or reach the limits of the approach. In this paper, we reformulate existing models into a single common framework we call Message Passing Neural Networks (MPNNs) and explore additional novel variations within this framework. Using MPNNs we demonstrate state of the art results on an important molecular property prediction benchmark; these results are strong enough that we believe future work should focus on datasets with larger molecules or more accurate ground truth labels. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Neural Message Passing for Quantum Chemistry\" does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses Message Passing Neural Networks (MPNNs) and their application to molecular property prediction, it primarily focuses on reformulating existing models into a unified framework and exploring variations within this framework. It does not explicitly detail the process of building different graph representations depending on the type of compounds. The emphasis is on the message-passing algorithm and aggregation procedure, rather than tailoring graph representations based on compound types."}
{"input": "User Query: What research is working on optimizing policy improvement objectives using just supervised learning?\nTitle: Trust Region Policy Optimization\nAbstract:  Abstract We describe an iterative procedure for optimizing policies, with guaranteed monotonic improvement. By making several approximations to the theoretically-justified procedure, we develop a practical algorithm, called Trust Region Policy Optimization (TRPO). This algorithm is similar to natural policy gradient methods and is effective for optimizing large nonlinear policies such as neural networks. Our experiments demonstrate its robust performance on a wide variety of tasks: learning simulated robotic swimming, hopping, and walking gaits; and playing Atari games using images of the screen as input. Despite its approximations that deviate from the theory, TRPO tends to give monotonic improvement, with little tuning of hyperparameters. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Trust Region Policy Optimization\" does not fully satisfy the user's query. The user is specifically asking for research that focuses on optimizing policy improvement objectives using **just supervised learning**. However, the TRPO algorithm described in the paper is not a supervised learning approach. Instead, it is a reinforcement learning method that uses policy optimization techniques, including trust region constraints and approximations to natural policy gradients, to ensure monotonic improvement in policies. While TRPO is effective for optimizing policy improvement objectives, it does not rely solely on supervised learning, but rather on reinforcement learning principles. Therefore, it does not meet the specific requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work reported improvements in segmentation when a U-Net is trained using their synthetic data versus real images?\nTitle: Fake it till you make it: face analysis in the wild using synthetic data alone\nAbstract:  Abstract We demonstrate that it is possible to perform face-related computer vision in the wild using synthetic data alone. The community has long enjoyed the benefits of synthesizing training data with graphics, but the domain gap between real and synthetic data has remained a problem, especially for human faces. Researchers have tried to bridge this gap with data mixing, domain adaptation, and domain-adversarial training, but we show that it is possible to synthesize data with minimal domain gap, so that models trained on synthetic data generalize to real in-the-wild datasets. We describe how to combine a procedurally-generated parametric 3D face model with a comprehensive library of hand-crafted assets to render training images with unprecedented realism and diversity. We train machine learning systems for face-related tasks such as landmark localization and face parsing, showing that synthetic data can both match real data in accuracy as well as open up new approaches where manual labeling would be impossible. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled *\"Fake it till you make it: face analysis in the wild using synthetic data alone\"* does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses the use of synthetic data for face-related tasks, including landmark localization and face parsing, it does not specifically mention the use of a U-Net architecture or report improvements in segmentation performance when a U-Net is trained using synthetic data versus real images. The focus of the paper is on demonstrating the generalization of models trained on synthetic data for face-related tasks, but it does not address the specific requirements of the query regarding U-Net and segmentation improvements."}
{"input": "User Query: Any works about the use of codebooks in NLP?\nTitle: Supervised Topic Models\nAbstract: We introduce supervised latent Dirichlet allocation (sLDA), a statistical model of labelled documents. The model accommodates a variety of response types. We derive an approximate maximum-likelihood procedure for parameter estimation, which relies on variational methods to handle intractable posterior expectations. Prediction problems motivate this research: we use the fitted model to predict response values for new documents. We test sLDA on two real-world problems: movie ratings predicted from reviews, and the political tone of amendments in the U.S. Senate based on the amendment text. We illustrate the benefits of sLDA versus modern regularized regression, as well as versus an unsupervised LDA analysis followed by a separate regression.", "output": "False  \nReason: The paper \"Supervised Topic Models\" introduces supervised latent Dirichlet allocation (sLDA), which is a statistical model for labeled documents. While it discusses topics related to supervised learning and topic modeling in natural language processing (NLP), it does not explicitly address or involve the concept of \"codebooks\" in NLP. Codebooks typically refer to discrete representations or quantization methods used in NLP or machine learning, which are not mentioned or explored in the abstract of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works that use probabilistic dynamics ensemble in MBRL methods?\nTitle: On Effective Scheduling of Model-based Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Model-based reinforcement learning has attracted wide attention due to its superior sample efficiency. Despite its impressive success so far, it is still unclear how to appropriately schedule the important hyperparameters to achieve adequate performance, such as the real data ratio for policy optimization in Dyna-style model-based algorithms. In this paper, we first theoretically analyze the role of real data in policy training, which suggests that gradually increasing the ratio of real data yields better performance. Inspired by the analysis, we propose a framework named AutoMBPO to automatically schedule the real data ratio as well as other hyperparameters in training model-based policy optimization (MBPO) algorithm, a representative running case of model-based methods. On several continuous control tasks, the MBPO instance trained with hyperparameters scheduled by AutoMBPO can significantly surpass the original one, and the real data ratio schedule found by AutoMBPO shows consistency with our theoretical analysis. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on scheduling hyperparameters, specifically the real data ratio, in model-based reinforcement learning (MBRL) methods. While it discusses the MBPO algorithm, which is a model-based method, the abstract does not mention the use of probabilistic dynamics ensembles. The paper primarily addresses the scheduling of hyperparameters rather than the specific use of probabilistic dynamics ensembles in MBRL. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research papers focused on the multi-task problem by modeling in RKHS of vector-valued functions?\nTitle: Convex Learning of Multiple Tasks and their Structure\nAbstract:  Abstract Reducing the amount of human supervision is a key problem in machine learning and a natural approach is that of exploiting the relations (structure) among different tasks. This is the idea at the core of multi-task learning. In this context a fundamental question is how to incorporate the tasks structure in the learning problem. We tackle this question by studying a general computational framework that allows to encode a-priori knowledge of the tasks structure in the form of a convex penalty; in this setting a variety of previously proposed methods can be recovered as special cases, including linear and non-linear approaches. Within this framework, we show that tasks and their structure can be efficiently learned considering a convex optimization problem that can be approached by means of block coordinate methods such as alternating minimization and for which we prove convergence to the global minimum. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Convex Learning of Multiple Tasks and their Structure\" focuses on multi-task learning and discusses encoding task structure in a convex optimization framework, there is no explicit mention in the abstract of modeling in the Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space (RKHS) of vector-valued functions. The user query specifically requires research papers that address the multi-task problem by modeling in RKHS of vector-valued functions, which is a specialized approach. The abstract does not provide evidence that the paper satisfies this specific requirement, as it primarily discusses convex penalties and optimization methods without referencing RKHS or vector-valued function modeling."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about achieving precise credit assignment by leveraging path-wise derivatives?\nTitle: Mastering Atari with Discrete World Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Intelligent agents need to generalize from past experience to achieve goals in complex environments. World models facilitate such generalization and allow learning behaviors from imagined outcomes to increase sample-efficiency. While learning world models from image inputs has recently become feasible for some tasks, modeling Atari games accurately enough to derive successful behaviors has remained an open challenge for many years. We introduce DreamerV2, a reinforcement learning agent that learns behaviors purely from predictions in the compact latent space of a powerful world model. The world model uses discrete representations and is trained separately from the policy. DreamerV2 constitutes the first agent that achieves human-level performance on the Atari benchmark of 55 tasks by learning behaviors inside a separately trained world model. With the same computational budget and wall-clock time, Dreamer V2 reaches 200M frames and surpasses the final performance of the top single-GPU agents IQN and Rainbow. DreamerV2 is also applicable to tasks with continuous actions, where it learns an accurate world model of a complex humanoid robot and solves stand-up and walking from only pixel inputs. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Mastering Atari with Discrete World Models,\" primarily focuses on reinforcement learning using world models and achieving human-level performance on the Atari benchmark through latent space predictions. While it discusses learning behaviors and generalization, it does not explicitly address the concept of achieving precise credit assignment by leveraging path-wise derivatives. The paper's focus is on discrete world models and reinforcement learning, rather than the specific mechanism of credit assignment using path-wise derivatives. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers discuss sliding window-based methods in the context of VSR?\nTitle: Real-Time Video Super-Resolution with Spatio-Temporal Networks and Motion Compensation\nAbstract:  Abstract Convolutional neural networks have enabled accurate image super-resolution in real-time. However, recent attempts to benefit from temporal correlations in video super-resolution have been limited to naive or inefficient architectures. In this paper, we introduce spatio-temporal sub-pixel convolution networks that effectively exploit temporal redundancies and improve reconstruction accuracy while maintaining real-time speed. Specifically, we discuss the use of early fusion, slow fusion and 3D convolutions for the joint processing of multiple consecutive video frames. We also propose a novel joint motion compensation and video super-resolution algorithm that is orders of magnitude more efficient than competing methods, relying on a fast multi-resolution spatial transformer module that is end-to-end trainable. These contributions provide both higher accuracy and temporally more consistent videos, which we confirm qualitatively and quantitatively. Relative to single-frame models, spatio-temporal networks can either reduce the computational cost by 30% whilst maintaining the same quality or provide a 0.2dB gain for a similar computational cost. Results on publicly available datasets demonstrate that the proposed algorithms surpass current state-of-the-art performance in both accuracy and efficiency. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper primarily focuses on spatio-temporal networks, motion compensation, and the use of techniques like early fusion, slow fusion, 3D convolutions, and a multi-resolution spatial transformer module for video super-resolution (VSR). While it discusses the joint processing of multiple consecutive video frames, there is no explicit mention of sliding window-based methods in the abstract. Sliding window-based methods typically involve processing a fixed-size window of frames that move sequentially across the video, and this specific approach is not highlighted in the paper's abstract. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the recent studies that have obtained near-optimal high-probability bounds for general convex action sets?\nTitle: Bias no more: high-probability data-dependent regret bounds for adversarial bandits and MDPs\nAbstract:  Abstract We develop a new approach to obtaining high probability regret bounds for online learning with bandit feedback against an adaptive adversary. While existing approaches all require carefully constructing optimistic and biased loss estimators, our approach uses standard unbiased estimators and relies on a simple increasing learning rate schedule, together with the help of logarithmically homogeneous self-concordant barriers and a strengthened Freedman’s inequality. Besides its simplicity, our approach enjoys several advantages. First, the obtained high-probability regret bounds are data-dependent and could be much smaller than the worst-case bounds, which resolves an open problem asked by Neu [31]. Second, resolving another open problem of Bartlett et al. [12] and Abernethy and Rakhlin [1], our approach leads to the first general and efficient algorithm with a high-probability regret bound for adversarial linear bandits, while previous methods are either inefficient or only applicable to specific action sets. Finally, our approach can also be applied to learning adversarial Markov Decision Processes and provides the first algorithm with a high-probability small-loss bound for this problem. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper addresses high-probability regret bounds and mentions general convex action sets in the context of adversarial linear bandits, it focuses on data-dependent bounds and the use of unbiased estimators with a specific learning rate schedule. The primary emphasis is on adversarial bandits and Markov Decision Processes (MDPs), rather than obtaining near-optimal high-probability bounds specifically for general convex action sets. Although the paper mentions general action sets, it does not explicitly focus on or highlight achieving near-optimal bounds for general convex action sets as the main contribution. Thus, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies analyzed the approximation error of one-hidden-layer networks?\nTitle: Random walk models approximating symmetric space-fractional diffusion processes\nAbstract: For the symmetric case of space-fractional diffusion processes (whose basic analytic theory has been developed in 1952 by Feller via inversion of Riesz potential operators) we present three random walk models discrete in space and time. We show that for properly scaled transition to vanishing space and time steps these models converge in distribution to the corresponding time-parameterized stable probability distribution. Finally, we analyze in detail a model, discrete in time but continuous in space, recently proposed by Chechkin and Gonchar. Concerning the inversion of the Riesz potential operator $I_0^\\alpha$ let us point out that its common hyper-singular integral representation fails for $\\alpha = 1. In our Section 2 we have shown that the corresponding hyper-singular representation for the inverse operator $D_0^\\alpha$ can be obtained also in the critical (often excluded) case $\\alpha = 1$, by analytic continuation", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Random walk models approximating symmetric space-fractional diffusion processes\" does not address the topic of analyzing the approximation error of one-hidden-layer networks. Instead, it focuses on random walk models for space-fractional diffusion processes and their convergence properties, as well as the inversion of Riesz potential operators. There is no mention of neural networks, one-hidden-layer networks, or the approximation error associated with such networks. Therefore, the paper does not satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers focused on the application of prompt tuning in the field of Natural Language Processing (NLP)?\nTitle: AutoPrompt: Eliciting Knowledge from Language Models with Automatically Generated Prompts\nAbstract:  Abstract The remarkable success of pretrained language models has motivated the study of what kinds of knowledge these models learn during pretraining. Reformulating tasks as fill-in-the-blanks problems (e.g., cloze tests) is a natural approach for gauging such knowledge, however, its usage is limited by the manual effort and guesswork required to write suitable prompts. To address this, we develop AutoPrompt, an automated method to create prompts for a diverse set of tasks, based on a gradient-guided search. Using AutoPrompt, we show that masked language models (MLMs) have an inherent capability to perform sentiment analysis and natural language inference without additional parameters or finetuning, sometimes achieving performance on par with recent state-of-the-art supervised models. We also show that our prompts elicit more accurate factual knowledge from MLMs than the manually created prompts on the LAMA benchmark, and that MLMs can be used as relation extractors more effectively than supervised relation extraction models. These results demonstrate that automatically generated prompts are a viable parameter-free alternative to existing probing methods, and as pretrained LMs become more sophisticated and capable, potentially a replacement for finetuning. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"AutoPrompt: Eliciting Knowledge from Language Models with Automatically Generated Prompts\" does not focus on the application of prompt tuning in the field of Natural Language Processing (NLP). Instead, it focuses on the development of an automated method (AutoPrompt) to generate prompts for tasks such as sentiment analysis, natural language inference, and factual knowledge extraction. While the paper discusses the use of prompts, it does not involve \"prompt tuning,\" which typically refers to the process of fine-tuning or optimizing prompts (often with learnable parameters) to improve task performance. Instead, AutoPrompt generates prompts through a gradient-guided search without additional parameters or finetuning, which is distinct from the concept of prompt tuning. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works are related to implementing non hierarchical transformer structure in Diffusion models?\nTitle: Scalable Diffusion Models with Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract We explore a new class of diffusion models based on the transformer architecture. We train latent diffusion models of images, replacing the commonly-used U-Net backbone with a transformer that operates on latent patches. We analyze the scalability of our Diffusion Transformers (DiTs) through the lens of forward pass complexity as measured by Gflops. We find that DiTs with higher Gflops—through increased transformer depth/width or increased number of input tokens—consistently have lower FID. In addition to possessing good scalability properties, our largest DiT-XL/2 models outperform all prior diffusion models on the class-conditional ImageNet 512×\\times512 and 256×\\times256 benchmarks, achieving a state-of-the-art FID of 2.27 on the latter. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Scalable Diffusion Models with Transformers\" explores the use of transformer architectures in diffusion models, it does not explicitly focus on implementing a *non-hierarchical* transformer structure. The abstract primarily discusses replacing the U-Net backbone with a transformer operating on latent patches, analyzing scalability, and achieving state-of-the-art performance. However, it does not clearly address or emphasize the specific aspect of a non-hierarchical transformer structure, which is the central focus of the user query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers fit density estimators on internal model representations to obtain information of interest?\nTitle: DEUP: Direct Epistemic Uncertainty Prediction\nAbstract:  Abstract Epistemic Uncertainty is a measure of the lack of knowledge of a learner which diminishes with more evidence. While existing work focuses on using the variance of the Bayesian posterior due to parameter uncertainty as a measure of epistemic uncertainty, we argue that this does not capture the part of lack of knowledge induced by model misspecification. We discuss how the excess risk, which is the gap between the generalization error of a predictor and the Bayes predictor, is a sound measure of epistemic uncertainty which captures the effect of model misspecification. We thus propose a principled framework for directly estimating the excess risk by learning a secondary predictor for the generalization error and subtracting an estimate of aleatoric uncertainty, i.e., intrinsic unpredictability. We discuss the merits of this novel measure of epistemic uncertainty, and highlight how it differs from variance-based measures of epistemic uncertainty and addresses its major pitfall. Our framework, Direct Epistemic Uncertainty Prediction (DEUP) is particularly interesting in interactive learning environments, where the learner is allowed to acquire novel examples in each round. Through a wide set of experiments, we illustrate how existing methods in sequential model optimization can be improved with epistemic uncertainty estimates from DEUP, and how DEUP can be used to drive exploration in reinforcement learning. We also evaluate the quality of uncertainty estimates from DEUP for probabilistic image classification and predicting synergies of drug combinations. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"DEUP: Direct Epistemic Uncertainty Prediction\" does not explicitly fit density estimators on internal model representations to obtain information of interest. Instead, it focuses on estimating epistemic uncertainty by learning a secondary predictor for the generalization error and subtracting an estimate of aleatoric uncertainty. While the paper discusses epistemic uncertainty and proposes a novel framework for its estimation, it does not mention the use of density estimators or the fitting of such estimators on internal model representations. The methodology revolves around excess risk estimation and uncertainty prediction, which is distinct from the specific process described in the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies introduced latent variable models into RCSL?\nTitle: Addressing Optimism Bias in Sequence Modeling for Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Impressive results in natural language processing (NLP) based on the Transformer neural network architecture have inspired researchers to explore viewing offline reinforcement learning (RL) as a generic sequence modeling problem. Recent works based on this paradigm have achieved state-of-the-art results in several of the mostly deterministic offline Atari and D4RL benchmarks. However, because these methods jointly model the states and actions as a single sequencing problem, they struggle to disentangle the effects of the policy and world dynamics on the return. Thus, in adversarial or stochastic environments, these methods lead to overly optimistic behavior that can be dangerous in safety-critical systems like autonomous driving. In this work, we propose a method that addresses this optimism bias by explicitly disentangling the policy and world models, which allows us at test time to search for policies that are robust to multiple possible futures in the environment. We demonstrate our method’s superior performance on a variety of autonomous driving tasks in simulation. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on addressing optimism bias in sequence modeling for reinforcement learning by disentangling policy and world models. While it discusses sequence modeling and reinforcement learning, it does not explicitly introduce or focus on latent variable models in the context of RCSL (Reinforcement Learning with Constraints or Safety Learning). The abstract does not mention latent variable models or their application to RCSL, and the primary contribution of the paper is about addressing optimism bias rather than introducing latent variable models. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What sources use behavior regularization based algorithms to constrain the learned policy to lie close to the behavior policy in Offline RL?\nTitle: Conservative Q-Learning for Offline Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Effectively leveraging large, previously collected datasets in reinforcement learning (RL) is a key challenge for large-scale real-world applications. Offline RL algorithms promise to learn effective policies from previously-collected, static datasets without further interaction. However, in practice, offline RL presents a major challenge, and standard off-policy RL methods can fail due to overestimation of values induced by the distributional shift between the dataset and the learned policy, especially when training on complex and multi-modal data distributions. In this paper, we propose conservative Q-learning (CQL), which aims to address these limitations by learning a conservative Q-function such that the expected value of a policy under this Q-function lower-bounds its true value. We theoretically show that CQL produces a lower bound on the value of the current policy and that it can be incorporated into a policy learning procedure with theoretical improvement guarantees. In practice, CQL augments the standard Bellman error objective with a simple Q-value regularizer which is straightforward to implement on top of existing deep Q-learning and actor-critic implementations. On both discrete and continuous control domains, we show that CQL substantially outperforms existing offline RL methods, often learning policies that attain 2-5 times higher final return, especially when learning from complex and multi-modal data distributions. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Conservative Q-Learning for Offline Reinforcement Learning\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. The user is specifically asking about sources that use **behavior regularization-based algorithms** to constrain the learned policy to lie close to the behavior policy in Offline RL. Behavior regularization typically involves explicitly penalizing deviations of the learned policy from the behavior policy, often through techniques like KL divergence or other distance metrics.\n\nIn contrast, the CQL algorithm described in the paper focuses on **Q-value regularization** rather than direct behavior regularization. CQL learns a conservative Q-function that lower-bounds the true value of the policy, addressing distributional shift indirectly by penalizing overestimation of Q-values for out-of-distribution actions. While this approach helps mitigate the challenges of offline RL, it does not explicitly constrain the learned policy to stay close to the behavior policy through behavior regularization. Therefore, the paper does not directly address the specific requirement of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you mention some studies that used unpaired data to learn the unknown degradation process?\nTitle: Untitled Document\nAbstract:  Abstract We present new benchmarks for evaluating code generation models: MBXP, Multilingual HumanEval, and MathQA-X. These datasets encompass over 10 programming languages and are generated using a scalable conversion framework that transpiles prompts and test cases from the original Python datasets into the corresponding data in the target language. With these benchmarks, we can assess the performance of code generation models in a multilingual context, uncovering the generalization ability of language models on out-of-domain languages, the advantages of multilingual models over monolingual ones, the potential of few-shot prompting to teach models new languages, and zero-shot translation capabilities, even in monolingual settings. Additionally, we utilize our code generation model for large-scale bootstrapping to obtain synthetic canonical solutions in various languages, which can be employed for other code-related evaluations, such as code insertion, robustness, or summarization tasks. Overall, our benchmarks represent a significant step towards a deeper understanding of language models' code generation abilities. We publicly release our code and datasets at https://github.com/amazon-research/mxeval. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The searched paper focuses on evaluating code generation models using multilingual benchmarks and datasets, particularly in the context of programming languages and code-related tasks. It does not address the use of unpaired data to learn unknown degradation processes, which is the specific focus of the user query. The paper's content is unrelated to the topic of learning degradation processes or using unpaired data for such purposes."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies extended the robustness of policies to more tractable formulations and structured uncertainty sets?\nTitle: Action Robust Reinforcement Learning and Applications in Continuous Control\nAbstract:  Abstract A policy is said to be robust if it maximizes the reward while considering a bad, or even adversarial, model. In this work we formalize two new criteria of robustness to action uncertainty. Specifically, we consider two scenarios in which the agent attempts to perform an action 𝐚𝐚\\operatorname{\\mathbf{a}}, and (i) with probability α𝛼\\alpha, an alternative adversarial action 𝐚¯¯𝐚\\bar{\\operatorname{\\mathbf{a}}} is taken, or (ii) an adversary adds a perturbation to the selected action in the case of continuous action space. We show that our criteria are related to common forms of uncertainty in robotics domains, such as the occurrence of abrupt forces, and suggest algorithms in the tabular case. Building on the suggested algorithms, we generalize our approach to deep reinforcement learning (DRL) and provide extensive experiments in the various MuJoCo domains. Our experiments show that not only does our approach produce robust policies, but it also improves the performance in the absence of perturbations. This generalization indicates that action-robustness can be thought of as implicit regularization in RL problems. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"Action Robust Reinforcement Learning and Applications in Continuous Control\" addresses robustness of policies to action uncertainty and proposes methods to handle adversarial actions and perturbations, it does not explicitly focus on extending the robustness of policies to **more tractable formulations** or **structured uncertainty sets** as specified in the user query. The paper primarily emphasizes robustness to action perturbations and adversarial scenarios, and while it generalizes its approach to deep reinforcement learning, it does not explicitly discuss reformulating robustness problems into more tractable forms or leveraging structured uncertainty sets. Thus, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research claims that their work does not automatically adapt to the margin region?\nTitle: Efficient Active Learning with Abstention\nAbstract:  Abstract The goal of active learning is to achieve the same accuracy achievable by passive learning, while using much fewer labels. Exponential savings in terms of label complexity have been proved in very special cases, but fundamental lower bounds show that such improvements are impossible in general. This suggests a need to explore alternative goals for active learning. Learning with abstention is one such alternative. In this setting, the active learning algorithm may abstain from prediction and incur an error that is marginally smaller than random guessing. We develop the first computationally efficient active learning algorithm with abstention. Our algorithm provably achieves 𝗉𝗈𝗅𝗒𝗅𝗈𝗀​(1ε)𝗉𝗈𝗅𝗒𝗅𝗈𝗀1𝜀\\mathsf{polylog}(\\frac{1}{\\varepsilon}) label complexity, without any low noise conditions. Such performance guarantee reduces the label complexity by an exponential factor, relative to passive learning and active learning that is not allowed to abstain. Furthermore, our algorithm is guaranteed to only abstain on hard examples (where the true label distribution is close to a fair coin), a novel property we term proper abstention that also leads to a host of other desirable characteristics (e.g., recovering minimax guarantees in the standard setting, and avoiding the undesirable “noise-seeking” behavior often seen in active learning). We also provide novel extensions of our algorithm that achieve constant label complexity and deal with model misspecification. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Efficient Active Learning with Abstention\" does not explicitly claim that its work does not automatically adapt to the margin region. Instead, the focus of the paper is on developing an efficient active learning algorithm with abstention, which achieves reduced label complexity and proper abstention on hard examples. While the paper discusses avoiding undesirable behaviors such as \"noise-seeking,\" it does not explicitly address or claim limitations related to automatic adaptation to the margin region. Therefore, the paper does not satisfy the specific requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research focused on the development of further labeling schemes?\nTitle: Identity-aware Graph Neural Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Message passing Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) provide a powerful modeling framework for relational data. However, the expressive power of existing GNNs is upper-bounded by the 1-Weisfeiler-Lehman (1-WL) graph isomorphism test, which means GNNs that are not able to predict node clustering coefficients and shortest path distances, and cannot differentiate between different d𝑑d-regular graphs. Here we develop a class of message passing GNNs, named Identity-aware Graph Neural Networks (ID-GNNs), with greater expressive power than the 1-WL test. ID-GNN offers a minimal but powerful solution to limitations of existing GNNs. ID-GNN extends existing GNN architectures by inductively considering nodes’ identities during message passing. To embed a given node, ID-GNN first extracts the ego network centered at the node, then conducts rounds of heterogeneous message passing, where different sets of parameters are applied to the center node than to other surrounding nodes in the ego network. We further propose a simplified but faster version of ID-GNN that injects node identity information as augmented node features. Altogether, both versions of ID-GNN represent general extensions of message passing GNNs, where experiments show that transforming existing GNNs to ID-GNNs yields on average 40% accuracy improvement on challenging node, edge, and graph property prediction tasks; 3% accuracy improvement on node and graph classification benchmarks; and 15% ROC AUC improvement on real-world link prediction tasks. Additionally, ID-GNNs demonstrate improved or comparable performance over other task-specific graph networks. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Identity-aware Graph Neural Networks\" focuses on enhancing the expressive power of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) by incorporating node identity information during message passing. While it introduces novel methods for improving GNN architectures, such as ego network extraction and heterogeneous message passing, the paper does not explicitly focus on the development of further labeling schemes. Labeling schemes typically refer to methods for assigning labels to nodes, edges, or graphs to encode structural or relational information, which is not the primary focus of this research. Instead, the paper emphasizes improving GNN performance through identity-aware mechanisms."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers focused on neurons for localization analysis?\nTitle: An Interpretability Illusion for BERT\nAbstract:  Abstract We describe an “interpretability illusion” that arises when analyzing the BERT model. Activations of individual neurons in the network may spuriously appear to encode a single, simple concept, when in fact they are encoding something far more complex. The same effect holds for linear combinations of activations. We trace the source of this illusion to geometric properties of BERT’s embedding space as well as the fact that common text corpora represent only narrow slices of possible English sentences. We provide a taxonomy of model-learned concepts and discuss methodological implications for interpretability research, especially the importance of testing hypotheses on multiple data sets. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"An Interpretability Illusion for BERT\" focuses on analyzing the interpretability of individual neurons and their activations in the BERT model. While it discusses the behavior of neurons and their activations, the focus is on understanding the interpretability illusion and the complexity of the concepts encoded by neurons, rather than specifically addressing \"localization analysis.\" Localization analysis typically involves identifying and understanding specific neurons or groups of neurons responsible for particular functions or concepts. This paper does not explicitly focus on such localization analysis but rather critiques the interpretability of neuron activations and their geometric properties. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me with some resources that discuss scene design learning from existing 3D scene databases or refining 3D scene with user input iteratively?\nTitle: DiffuScene: Scene Graph Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Model for Generative Indoor Scene Synthesis\nAbstract:  Abstract We present DiffuScene for indoor 3D scene synthesis based on a novel scene graph denoising diffusion probabilistic model, which generates 3D instance properties stored in a fully-connected scene graph and then retrieves the most similar object geometry for each graph node i.e. object instance which is characterized as a concatenation of different attributes, including location, size, orientation, semantic, and geometry features. Based on this scene graph, we designed a diffusion model to determine the placements and types of 3D instances. Our method can facilitate many downstream applications, including scene completion, scene arrangement, and text-conditioned scene synthesis. Experiments on the 3D-FRONT dataset show that our method can synthesize more physically plausible and diverse indoor scenes than state-of-the-art methods. Extensive ablation studies verify the effectiveness of our design choice in scene diffusion models.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"DiffuScene: Scene Graph Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Model for Generative Indoor Scene Synthesis\" does discuss scene design learning from existing 3D scene databases (e.g., the 3D-FRONT dataset) and proposes a novel diffusion model for generating 3D scenes, it does not explicitly address the iterative refinement of 3D scenes with user input. The focus of the paper is on generative indoor scene synthesis using a diffusion probabilistic model based on scene graphs, which facilitates tasks like scene completion and arrangement. However, there is no indication in the abstract that the method incorporates or supports iterative refinement with user input, which is a key part of the user query. Thus, the paper only partially satisfies the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discuss manually modifying prompts as a technique of attacking LLMs?\nTitle: Jailbreak and Guard Aligned Language Models with Only Few In-Context Demonstrations\nAbstract:  Abstract Large Language Models (LLMs) have shown remarkable success in various tasks, but concerns about their safety and the potential for generating malicious content have emerged. In this paper, we explore the power of In-Context Learning (ICL) in manipulating the alignment ability of LLMs. We find that by providing just few in-context demonstrations without fine-tuning, LLMs can be manipulated to increase or decrease the probability of jailbreaking, i.e. answering malicious prompts. Based on these observations, we propose In-Context Attack (ICA) and In-Context Defense (ICD) methods for jailbreaking and guarding aligned language model purposes. ICA crafts malicious contexts to guide models in generating harmful outputs, while ICD enhances model robustness by demonstrations of rejecting to answer harmful prompts. Our experiments show the effectiveness of ICA and ICD in increasing or reducing the success rate of adversarial jailbreaking attacks. Overall, we shed light on the potential of ICL to influence LLM behavior and provide a new perspective for enhancing the safety and alignment of LLMs. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper discusses methods for attacking and defending LLMs using In-Context Learning (ICL), it does not explicitly focus on *manually modifying prompts* as a technique for attacking LLMs. Instead, the paper emphasizes crafting malicious in-context demonstrations to manipulate the model's behavior, which is a distinct approach involving the use of examples provided within the input context. The user query specifically asks about manually modifying prompts, which typically refers to directly altering the wording or structure of a single prompt rather than leveraging in-context demonstrations. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What study improved the performance by replacing the clustering with farthest-point sampling?\nTitle: PointInst3D: Segmenting 3D Instances by Points\nAbstract:  Abstract The current state-of-the-art methods in 3D instance segmentation typically involve a clustering step, despite the tendency towards heuristics, greedy algorithms, and a lack of robustness to the changes in data statistics. In contrast, we propose a fully-convolutional 3D point cloud instance segmentation method that works in a per-point prediction fashion. In doing so it avoids the challenges that clustering-based methods face: introducing dependencies among different tasks of the model. We find the key to its success is assigning a suitable target to each sampled point. Instead of the commonly used static or distance-based assignment strategies, we propose to use an Optimal Transport approach to optimally assign target masks to the sampled points according to the dynamic matching costs. Our approach achieves promising results on both ScanNet and S3DIS benchmarks. The proposed approach removes inter-task dependencies and thus represents a simpler and more flexible 3D instance segmentation framework than other competing methods, while achieving improved segmentation accuracy. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The paper titled \"PointInst3D: Segmenting 3D Instances by Points\" does not explicitly mention replacing clustering with farthest-point sampling to improve performance. Instead, it focuses on avoiding clustering-based methods altogether by using a fully-convolutional per-point prediction approach. The paper highlights the use of an Optimal Transport approach for assigning target masks to sampled points, which is different from farthest-point sampling. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies in transfer learning that are suitable for indoor scenarios with regular layouts and simple background?\nTitle: RandomRooms: Unsupervised Pre-training from Synthetic Shapes and Randomized Layouts for 3D Object Detection\nAbstract:  Abstract 3D point cloud understanding has made great progress in recent years. However, one major bottleneck is the scarcity of annotated real datasets, especially compared to 2D object detection tasks, since a large amount of labor is involved in annotating the real scans of a scene. A promising solution to this problem is to make better use of the synthetic dataset, which consists of CAD object models, to boost the learning on real datasets. This can be achieved by the pre-training and fine-tuning procedure. However, recent work on 3D pre-training exhibits failure when transfer features learned on synthetic objects to other real-world applications. In this work, we put forward a new method called RandomRooms to accomplish this objective. In particular, we propose to generate random layouts of a scene by making use of the objects in the synthetic CAD dataset and learn the 3D scene representation by applying object-level contrastive learning on two random scenes generated from the same set of synthetic objects. The model pre-trained in this way can serve as a better initialization when later fine-tuning on the 3D object detection task. Empirically, we show consistent improvement in downstream 3D detection tasks on several base models, especially when less training data are used, which strongly demonstrates the effectiveness and generalization of our method. Benefiting from the rich semantic knowledge and diverse objects from synthetic data, our method establishes the new state-of-the-art on widely-used 3D detection benchmarks ScanNetV2 and SUN RGB-D. We expect our attempt to provide a new perspective for bridging object and scene-level 3D understanding. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper \"RandomRooms: Unsupervised Pre-training from Synthetic Shapes and Randomized Layouts for 3D Object Detection\" discusses transfer learning and focuses on 3D object detection, it does not fully satisfy the user's query. The user specifically requested studies suitable for **indoor scenarios with regular layouts and simple backgrounds**. However, the paper emphasizes the use of **randomized layouts** generated from synthetic CAD datasets, which do not align with the requirement for regular layouts. Additionally, the paper does not explicitly focus on simple backgrounds or structured indoor environments but instead highlights the generalization of its method across diverse synthetic and real-world datasets. Therefore, the study does not fully meet the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any studies that improved the softmax by normalizing the facial features and adding margins?\nTitle: NormFace: 𝐿₂ Hypersphere Embedding for Face Verification\nAbstract: ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"NormFace: 𝐿₂ Hypersphere Embedding for Face Verification\" focuses on normalizing facial features by embedding them on an \\(L_2\\) hypersphere for face verification. While this normalization improves the softmax function by ensuring that features are constrained to a hypersphere, the paper does not explicitly address the addition of margins to the softmax function. The user query specifically asks for studies that both normalize facial features and incorporate margins into the softmax, which is not fully satisfied by this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which research papers adopted large-scale vision-language instruction tuning data to align LVLMs with human preferences?\nTitle: InstructionGPT-4: A 200-Instruction Paradigm for Fine-Tuning MiniGPT-4\nAbstract:  Abstract Multimodal large language models are typically trained in two stages: first pre-training on image-text pairs, and then fine-tuning using supervised vision-language instruction data. Recent studies have shown that large language models can achieve satisfactory results even with a limited amount of high-quality instruction-following data. In this paper, we introduce InstructionGPT-4, which is fine-tuned on a small dataset comprising only 200 examples, amounting to approximately 6% of the instruction-following data used in the alignment dataset for MiniGPT-4 [1]. To achieve this, we first propose several metrics to access the quality of multimodal instruction data. Based on these metrics, we present an effective and trainable data selector to automatically identify and filter low-quality vision-language data. By employing this method, InstructionGPT-4 outperforms the original MiniGPT-4 on various evaluations. Overall, our findings demonstrate that less but high-quality instruction tuning data is efficient in enabling multimodal large language models to generate better output. Our code is available at https://github.com/waltonfuture/InstructionGPT-4. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"InstructionGPT-4: A 200-Instruction Paradigm for Fine-Tuning MiniGPT-4\" does not satisfy the user query because it focuses on fine-tuning a multimodal large language model (LVLM) using a **small dataset** of only 200 high-quality instruction examples, which is approximately 6% of the data used for MiniGPT-4's alignment. The user query specifically asks for research papers that adopted **large-scale vision-language instruction tuning data** to align LVLMs with human preferences. This paper emphasizes the efficiency of using a limited amount of high-quality data rather than large-scale data, which directly contradicts the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers discuss machine learning with differentiable physics?\nTitle: Learning Mesh-Based Simulation with Graph Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract Mesh-based simulations are central to modeling complex physical systems in many disciplines across science and engineering. Mesh representations support powerful numerical integration methods and their resolution can be adapted to strike favorable trade-offs between accuracy and efficiency. However, high-dimensional scientific simulations are very expensive to run, and solvers and parameters must often be tuned individually to each system studied. Here we introduce MeshGraphNets, a framework for learning mesh-based simulations using graph neural networks. Our model can be trained to pass messages on a mesh graph and to adapt the mesh discretization during forward simulation. Our results show it can accurately predict the dynamics of a wide range of physical systems, including aerodynamics, structural mechanics, and cloth. The model’s adaptivity supports learning resolution-independent dynamics and can scale to more complex state spaces at test time. Our method is also highly efficient, running 1-2 orders of magnitude faster than the simulation on which it is trained. Our approach broadens the range of problems on which neural network simulators can operate and promises to improve the efficiency of complex, scientific modeling tasks. ", "output": "False  \nReason: The searched paper discusses the use of machine learning, specifically graph neural networks, for learning mesh-based simulations in physical systems. While it focuses on improving efficiency and accuracy in modeling physical dynamics, the abstract does not explicitly mention the use of differentiable physics. Differentiable physics typically involves leveraging differentiable solvers or frameworks to enable end-to-end learning and optimization of physical systems. The paper emphasizes mesh-based simulations and adaptivity with graph networks but does not explicitly address differentiable physics, which is a key requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide some studies that used feature extractions for domain adaptation tasks?\nTitle: Deep Visual Domain Adaptation: A Survey\nAbstract:  Abstract Deep domain adaptation has emerged as a new learning technique to address the lack of massive amounts of labeled data. Compared to conventional methods, which learn shared feature subspaces or reuse important source instances with shallow representations, deep domain adaptation methods leverage deep networks to learn more transferable representations by embedding domain adaptation in the pipeline of deep learning. There have been comprehensive surveys for shallow domain adaptation, but few timely reviews the emerging deep learning based methods. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey of deep domain adaptation methods for computer vision applications with four major contributions. First, we present a taxonomy of different deep domain adaptation scenarios according to the properties of data that define how two domains are diverged. Second, we summarize deep domain adaptation approaches into several categories based on training loss, and analyze and compare briefly the state-of-the-art methods under these categories. Third, we overview the computer vision applications that go beyond image classification, such as face recognition, semantic segmentation and object detection. Fourth, some potential deficiencies of current methods and several future directions are highlighted. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Deep Visual Domain Adaptation: A Survey,\" is a survey paper that provides a comprehensive overview of deep domain adaptation methods. While it discusses the general approaches and categories of deep domain adaptation, including the use of deep networks for learning transferable representations, it does not specifically focus on or provide detailed studies that explicitly used feature extraction techniques for domain adaptation tasks. The user query requests specific studies that used feature extractions for domain adaptation, and the abstract of the paper does not indicate that it provides such studies in detail. Instead, it focuses on summarizing and categorizing methods broadly."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies about the Dreamer, a series of latent dynamics models learning via image reconstruction?\nTitle: Dream to Control: Learning Behaviors by Latent Imagination\nAbstract:  Abstract Learned world models summarize an agent’s experience to facilitate learning complex behaviors. While learning world models from high-dimensional sensory inputs is becoming feasible through deep learning, there are many potential ways for deriving behaviors from them. We present Dreamer, a reinforcement learning agent that solves long-horizon tasks from images purely by latent imagination. We efficiently learn behaviors by propagating analytic gradients of learned state values back through trajectories imagined in the compact state space of a learned world model. On 20 challenging visual control tasks, Dreamer exceeds existing approaches in data-efficiency, computation time, and final performance. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Dream to Control: Learning Behaviors by Latent Imagination\" discusses the Dreamer model, which is a reinforcement learning agent that learns behaviors by latent imagination using a learned world model. However, the paper does not explicitly focus on \"latent dynamics models learning via image reconstruction,\" as specified in the user query. Instead, it emphasizes learning behaviors through latent imagination and propagating gradients in a learned state space, rather than reconstructing images. While the Dreamer model does involve latent dynamics, the focus is not on image reconstruction, which is a key requirement of the query. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me references about voxel-based approaches to facilitate 3D convolution operations in deep learning?\nTitle: Untitled Document\nAbstract:  Abstract We present new benchmarks for evaluating code generation models: MBXP, Multilingual HumanEval, and MathQA-X. These datasets encompass over 10 programming languages and are generated using a scalable conversion framework that transpiles prompts and test cases from the original Python datasets into the corresponding data in the target language. With these benchmarks, we can assess the performance of code generation models in a multilingual context, uncovering the generalization ability of language models on out-of-domain languages, the advantages of multilingual models over monolingual ones, the potential of few-shot prompting to teach models new languages, and zero-shot translation capabilities, even in monolingual settings. Additionally, we utilize our code generation model for large-scale bootstrapping to obtain synthetic canonical solutions in various languages, which can be employed for other code-related evaluations, such as code insertion, robustness, or summarization tasks. Overall, our benchmarks represent a significant step towards a deeper understanding of language models' code generation abilities. We publicly release our code and datasets at https://github.com/amazon-research/mxeval. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The searched paper does not satisfy the user's query. The abstract provided focuses on benchmarks for evaluating code generation models, particularly in a multilingual context, and discusses topics such as language model generalization, multilingual vs. monolingual models, and code-related evaluations. It does not address voxel-based approaches or 3D convolution operations in deep learning, which are the specific topics of interest in the user's query. Therefore, the paper is unrelated to the requested subject matter."}
{"input": "User Query: What researches disrupt the output of the generative models by adding perturbations to the training data?\nTitle: Disrupting Deepfakes: Adversarial Attacks Against Conditional Image Translation Networks and Facial Manipulation Systems\nAbstract:  Abstract Face modification systems using deep learning have become increasingly powerful and accessible. Given images of a person’s face, such systems can generate new images of that same person under different expressions and poses. Some systems can also modify targeted attributes such as hair color or age. This type of manipulated images and video have been coined Deepfakes. In order to prevent a malicious user from generating modified images of a person without their consent we tackle the new problem of generating adversarial attacks against such image translation systems, which disrupt the resulting output image. We call this problem disrupting deepfakes. Most image translation architectures are generative models conditioned on an attribute (e.g. put a smile on this person’s face). We are first to propose and successfully apply (1) class transferable adversarial attacks that generalize to different classes, which means that the attacker does not need to have knowledge about the conditioning class, and (2) adversarial training for generative adversarial networks (GANs) as a first step towards robust image translation networks. Finally, in gray-box scenarios, blurring can mount a successful defense against disruption. We present a spread-spectrum adversarial attack, which evades blur defenses. Our open-source code can be found at https://github.com/natanielruiz/disrupting-deepfakes. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Disrupting Deepfakes: Adversarial Attacks Against Conditional Image Translation Networks and Facial Manipulation Systems\"* focuses on generating adversarial attacks to disrupt the output of generative models, specifically deepfake systems. However, the paper does not address the addition of perturbations to the **training data** of generative models. Instead, it discusses adversarial attacks applied to the input or output of these systems, such as class-transferable attacks and defenses like blurring. The user query specifically asks for research that disrupts generative model outputs by perturbing the **training data**, which is not the focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you list some papers related to contrastive learning?\nTitle: Exploring Simple Siamese Representation Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Siamese networks have become a common structure in various recent models for unsupervised visual representation learning. These models maximize the similarity between two augmentations of one image, subject to certain conditions for avoiding collapsing solutions. In this paper, we report surprising empirical results that simple Siamese networks can learn meaningful representations even using none of the following: (i) negative sample pairs, (ii) large batches, (iii) momentum encoders. Our experiments show that collapsing solutions do exist for the loss and structure, but a stop-gradient operation plays an essential role in preventing collapsing. We provide a hypothesis on the implication of stop-gradient, and further show proof-of-concept experiments verifying it. Our “SimSiam” method achieves competitive results on ImageNet and downstream tasks. We hope this simple baseline will motivate people to rethink the roles of Siamese architectures for unsupervised representation learning. Code will be made available. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper, *\"Exploring Simple Siamese Representation Learning\"*, discusses Siamese networks and unsupervised visual representation learning, it specifically focuses on a method (SimSiam) that avoids the use of negative sample pairs, which are a key component of contrastive learning. Contrastive learning typically involves comparing positive and negative pairs to learn representations, whereas this paper explores a non-contrastive approach. Therefore, while related to representation learning, this paper does not directly align with the user's query for papers specifically about contrastive learning."}
{"input": "User Query: What works introduced the IPS and SNIPS methods to tackle bias in explicit feedback data in recommendation systems?\nTitle: Recommendations as Treatments: Debiasing Learning and Evaluation\nAbstract:  Abstract Most data for evaluating and training recommender systems is subject to selection biases, either through self-selection by the users or through the actions of the recommendation system itself. In this paper, we provide a principled approach to handle selection biases by adapting models and estimation techniques from causal inference. The approach leads to unbiased performance estimators despite biased data, and to a matrix factorization method that provides substantially improved prediction performance on real-world data. We theoretically and empirically characterize the robustness of the approach, and find that it is highly practical and scalable. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Recommendations as Treatments: Debiasing Learning and Evaluation,\" focuses on addressing selection biases in recommender systems using causal inference techniques. While it discusses unbiased performance estimators and matrix factorization methods, there is no explicit mention in the abstract of introducing the IPS (Inverse Propensity Scoring) or SNIPS (Self-Normalized Inverse Propensity Scoring) methods specifically for tackling bias in explicit feedback data. The user query specifically asks for works that introduced these methods, and the abstract does not provide evidence that this paper introduced IPS or SNIPS. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you mention any works that use exponential integrators to handle diffusion ODEs?\nTitle: UniPC: A Unified Predictor-Corrector Framework for Fast Sampling of Diffusion Models\nAbstract: Diffusion probabilistic models (DPMs) have demonstrated a very promising ability in high-resolution image synthesis. However, sampling from a pre-trained DPM is time-consuming due to the multiple evaluations of the denoising network, making it more and more important to accelerate the sampling of DPMs. Despite recent progress in designing fast samplers, existing methods still cannot generate satisfying images in many applications where fewer steps (e.g., $<$10) are favored. In this paper, we develop a unified corrector (UniC) that can be applied after any existing DPM sampler to increase the order of accuracy without extra model evaluations, and derive a unified predictor (UniP) that supports arbitrary order as a byproduct. Combining UniP and UniC, we propose a unified predictor-corrector framework called UniPC for the fast sampling of DPMs, which has a unified analytical form for any order and can significantly improve the sampling quality over previous methods, especially in extremely few steps. We evaluate our methods through extensive experiments including both unconditional and conditional sampling using pixel-space and latent-space DPMs. Our UniPC can achieve 3.87 FID on CIFAR10 (unconditional) and 7.51 FID on ImageNet 256$\\times$256 (conditional) with only 10 function evaluations. Code is available at https://github.com/wl-zhao/UniPC.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"UniPC: A Unified Predictor-Corrector Framework for Fast Sampling of Diffusion Models,\" focuses on accelerating the sampling process of diffusion probabilistic models (DPMs) by introducing a unified predictor-corrector framework (UniPC). While the paper discusses methods for solving diffusion ODEs and improving sampling efficiency, it does not explicitly mention the use of exponential integrators to handle diffusion ODEs. Exponential integrators are a specific class of numerical methods designed to solve stiff ODEs by leveraging the matrix exponential, and there is no evidence in the abstract or title that this approach is employed in the paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the examples of works where the integrity of the meta-test is maintained during meta-training?\nTitle: Meta-Learning Representations for Continual Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract A continual learning agent should be able to build on top of existing knowledge to learn on new data quickly while minimizing forgetting. Current intelligent systems based on neural network function approximators arguably do the opposite—they are highly prone to forgetting and rarely trained to facilitate future learning. One reason for this poor behavior is that they learn from a representation that is not explicitly trained for these two goals. In this paper, we propose OML, an objective that directly minimizes catastrophic interference by learning representations that accelerate future learning and are robust to forgetting under online updates in continual learning. We show that it is possible to learn naturally sparse representations that are more effective for online updating. Moreover, our algorithm is complementary to existing continual learning strategies, such as MER and GEM. Finally, we demonstrate that a basic online updating strategy on representations learned by OML is competitive with rehearsal based methods for continual learning. 111We release an implementation of our method at https://github.com/khurramjaved96/mrcl ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Meta-Learning Representations for Continual Learning\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses meta-learning and continual learning, it focuses on learning representations that minimize catastrophic interference and facilitate future learning. However, the abstract does not explicitly mention or provide evidence that the integrity of the meta-test is maintained during meta-training. The user query specifically asks for works where the meta-test integrity is preserved during meta-training, which involves ensuring that the meta-training process does not leak information or interfere with the meta-test evaluation. The paper's abstract does not address this aspect, and therefore, it cannot be concluded that it satisfies the query's requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers developed the QM9 dataset based on GDB-17 for providing 13 different important quantum chemistry properties?\nTitle: SchNet - a deep learning architecture for molecules and materials\nAbstract: Deep learning has led to a paradigm shift in artificial intelligence, including web, text and image search, speech recognition, as well as bioinformatics, with growing impact in chemical physics. Machine learning in general and deep learning in particular is ideally suited for representing quantum-mechanical interactions, enabling to model nonlinear potential-energy surfaces or enhancing the exploration of chemical compound space. Here we present the deep learning architecture SchNet that is specifically designed to model atomistic systems by making use of continuous-filter convolutional layers. We demonstrate the capabilities of SchNet by accurately predicting a range of properties across chemical space for \\emph{molecules and materials} where our model learns chemically plausible embeddings of atom types across the periodic table. Finally, we employ SchNet to predict potential-energy surfaces and energy-conserving force fields for molecular dynamics simulations of small molecules and perform an exemplary study of the quantum-mechanical properties of C$_{20}$-fullerene that would have been infeasible with regular ab initio molecular dynamics.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"SchNet - a deep learning architecture for molecules and materials\" does not satisfy the user query. The paper focuses on presenting the SchNet deep learning architecture, which is designed for modeling atomistic systems and predicting quantum-mechanical properties. While it mentions the prediction of quantum-mechanical properties and the exploration of chemical space, it does not discuss the development of the QM9 dataset based on GDB-17 or its provision of 13 quantum chemistry properties. The user query specifically asks for papers that developed the QM9 dataset, which is not the focus or contribution of the searched paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works discussed the methods for generating adversarial examples without any knowledge of the victim model?\nTitle: ZOO: Zeroth Order Optimization Based Black-box Attacks to Deep Neural Networks without Training Substitute Models\nAbstract:  Abstract. Deep neural networks (DNNs) are one of the most prominent technologies of our time, as they achieve state-of-the-art performance in many machine learning tasks, including but not limited to image classification, text mining, and speech processing. However, recent research on DNNs has indicated ever-increasing concern on the robustness to adversarial examples, especially for security-critical tasks such as traffic sign identification for autonomous driving. Studies have unveiled the vulnerability of a well-trained DNN by demonstrating the ability of generating barely noticeable (to both human and machines) adversarial images that lead to misclassification. Furthermore, researchers have shown that these adversarial images are highly transferable by simply training and attacking a substitute model built upon the target model, known as a black-box attack to DNNs. Similar to the setting of training substitute models, in this paper we propose an effective black-box attack that also only has access to the input (images) and the output (confidence scores) of a targeted DNN. However, different from leveraging attack transferability from substitute models, we propose zeroth order optimization (ZOO) based attacks to directly estimate the gradients of the targeted DNN for generating adversarial examples. We use zeroth order stochastic coordinate descent along with dimension reduction, hierarchical attack and importance sampling techniques to efficiently attack black-box models. By exploiting zeroth order optimization, improved attacks to the targeted DNN can be accomplished, sparing the need for training substitute models and avoiding the loss in attack transferability. Experimental results on MNIST, CIFAR10 and ImageNet show that the proposed ZOO attack is as effective as the state-of-the-art white-box attack (e.g., Carlini and Wagner’s attack) and significantly outperforms existing black-box attacks via substitute models. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"ZOO: Zeroth Order Optimization Based Black-box Attacks to Deep Neural Networks without Training Substitute Models\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper discusses methods for generating adversarial examples in a black-box setting without training substitute models, it still assumes access to the output (confidence scores) of the victim model. This implies partial knowledge of the victim model, as the attacker relies on the model's output to estimate gradients using zeroth-order optimization. The user query specifically asks for methods that generate adversarial examples without **any knowledge** of the victim model, which would imply no access to the model's architecture, parameters, or outputs. Therefore, the ZOO paper does not meet the strict requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies focus on the fully-supervised object detection methods?\nTitle: You Only Look Once: Unified, Real-Time Object Detection\nAbstract:  Abstract We present YOLO, a new approach to object detection. Prior work on object detection repurposes classifiers to perform detection. Instead, we frame object detection as a regression problem to spatially separated bounding boxes and associated class probabilities. A single neural network predicts bounding boxes and class probabilities directly from full images in one evaluation. Since the whole detection pipeline is a single network, it can be optimized end-to-end directly on detection performance. Our unified architecture is extremely fast. Our base YOLO model processes images in real-time at 45 frames per second. A smaller version of the network, Fast YOLO, processes an astounding 155 frames per second while still achieving double the mAP of other real-time detectors. Compared to state-of-the-art detection systems, YOLO makes more localization errors but is less likely to predict false positives on background. Finally, YOLO learns very general representations of objects. It outperforms other detection methods, including DPM and R-CNN, when generalizing from natural images to other domains like artwork. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"You Only Look Once: Unified, Real-Time Object Detection\" focuses on a novel approach to object detection, framing it as a regression problem and introducing the YOLO model. While YOLO is a supervised learning method (as it requires labeled data for training), the paper does not explicitly focus on or emphasize the fully-supervised aspect of object detection methods. The primary focus is on the architecture, speed, and generalization capabilities of YOLO, rather than a detailed exploration or study of fully-supervised object detection methods as a category. Therefore, while it is related to the topic, it does not fully satisfy the user's query, which seeks studies specifically focusing on fully-supervised object detection methods."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide examples of papers where cross-modal attention was used to capture correlations between different modalities?\nTitle: Use What You Have: Video Retrieval Using Representations From Collaborative Experts\nAbstract:  Abstract The rapid growth of video on the internet has made searching for video content using natural language queries a significant challenge. Human-generated queries for video datasets ‘in the wild’ vary a lot in terms of degree of specificity, with some queries describing ‘specific details’ such as the names of famous identities, content from speech, or text available on the screen. Our goal is to condense the multi-modal, extremely high dimensional information from videos into a single, compact video representation for the task of video retrieval using free-form text queries, where the degree of specificity is open-ended. For this we exploit existing knowledge in the form of pre-trained semantic embeddings which include ‘general’ features such as motion, appearance, and scene features from visual content. We also explore the use of more ‘specific‘ cues from ASR and OCR which are intermittently available for videos and find that these signals remain challenging to use effectively for retrieval. We propose a collaborative experts model to aggregate information from these different pre-trained experts and assess our approach empirically on five retrieval benchmarks: MSR-VTT, LSMDC, MSVD, DiDeMo, and ActivityNet. Code and data can be found at www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/research/collaborative-experts/. This paper contains a correction to results reported in the previous version. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Use What You Have: Video Retrieval Using Representations From Collaborative Experts,\" does not explicitly mention or describe the use of **cross-modal attention** mechanisms to capture correlations between different modalities. While the paper discusses aggregating information from multiple pre-trained experts (e.g., visual, ASR, OCR) for video retrieval, it focuses on using a collaborative experts model to condense multi-modal information into a compact representation. However, there is no indication in the abstract that the approach involves cross-modal attention, which is a specific mechanism designed to learn and capture correlations between modalities. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you tell me about the works that have studied the effect of machine unlearning on the generalization loss?\nTitle: Adaptive Machine Unlearning\nAbstract:  Abstract Data deletion algorithms aim to remove the influence of deleted data points from trained models at a cheaper computational cost than fully retraining those models. However, for sequences of deletions, most prior work in the non-convex setting gives valid guarantees only for sequences that are chosen independently of the models that are published. If people choose to delete their data as a function of the published models (because they don’t like what the models reveal about them, for example), then the update sequence is adaptive. In this paper, we give a general reduction from deletion guarantees against adaptive sequences to deletion guarantees against non-adaptive sequences, using differential privacy and its connection to max information. Combined with ideas from prior work which give guarantees for non-adaptive deletion sequences, this leads to extremely flexible algorithms able to handle arbitrary model classes and training methodologies, giving strong provable deletion guarantees for adaptive deletion sequences. We show in theory how prior work for non-convex models fails against adaptive deletion sequences, and use this intuition to design a practical attack against the SISA algorithm of Bourtoule et al. (2021) on CIFAR-10, MNIST, Fashion-MNIST. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Adaptive Machine Unlearning,\" primarily focuses on providing deletion guarantees for adaptive deletion sequences in machine unlearning. It discusses the challenges of ensuring valid deletion guarantees when deletions are chosen adaptively based on published models and proposes a reduction approach using differential privacy. While the paper explores the robustness and correctness of machine unlearning algorithms, it does not explicitly study or analyze the effect of machine unlearning on the generalization loss of models. The user query specifically asks for works that examine the relationship between machine unlearning and generalization loss, which is not addressed in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies promote pseudo mask labeling using pre-trained VLMs?\nTitle: Learning Affinity from Attention: End-to-End Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation with Transformers\nAbstract:  Abstract Weakly-supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) with image-level labels is an important and challenging task. Due to the high training efficiency, end-to-end solutions for WSSS have received increasing attention from the community. However, current methods are mainly based on convolutional neural networks and fail to explore the global information properly, thus usually resulting in incomplete object regions. In this paper, to address the aforementioned problem, we introduce Transformers, which naturally integrate global information, to generate more integral initial pseudo labels for end-to-end WSSS. Motivated by the inherent consistency between the self-attention in Transformers and the semantic affinity, we propose an Affinity from Attention (AFA) module to learn semantic affinity from the multi-head self-attention (MHSA) in Transformers. The learned affinity is then leveraged to refine the initial pseudo labels for segmentation. In addition, to efficiently derive reliable affinity labels for supervising AFA and ensure the local consistency of pseudo labels, we devise a Pixel-Adaptive Refinement module that incorporates low-level image appearance information to refine the pseudo labels. We perform extensive experiments and our method achieves 66.0% and 38.9% mIoU on the PASCAL VOC 2012 and MS COCO 2014 datasets, respectively, significantly outperforming recent end-to-end methods and several multi-stage competitors. Code is available at https://github.com/rulixiang/afa. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper focuses on weakly-supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) using Transformers and introduces methods like the Affinity from Attention (AFA) module and Pixel-Adaptive Refinement module to refine pseudo labels. However, the paper does not explicitly mention the use of pre-trained Vision-Language Models (VLMs) to promote pseudo mask labeling. Instead, it relies on the self-attention mechanism in Transformers and low-level image appearance information for label refinement. Since the user query specifically asks about studies promoting pseudo mask labeling using pre-trained VLMs, this paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which paper demonstrates that PSDP (Policy Search by Dynamic Programming) algorithm and NRPI (No-Regret Policy Iteration) algorithm provide strong computational benefits with modern training algorithms and architectures?\nTitle: Jump-Start Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Reinforcement learning (RL) provides a theoretical framework for continuously improving an agent’s behavior via trial and error. However, efficiently learning policies from scratch can be very difficult, particularly for tasks that present exploration challenges. In such settings, it might be desirable to initialize RL with an existing policy, offline data, or demonstrations. However, naively performing such initialization in RL often works poorly, especially for value-based methods. In this paper, we present a meta algorithm that can use offline data, demonstrations, or a pre-existing policy to initialize an RL policy, and is compatible with any RL approach. In particular, we propose Jump-Start Reinforcement Learning (JSRL), an algorithm that employs two policies to solve tasks: a guide-policy, and an exploration-policy. By using the guide-policy to form a curriculum of starting states for the exploration-policy, we are able to efficiently improve performance on a set of simulated robotic tasks. We show via experiments that it is able to significantly outperform existing imitation and reinforcement learning algorithms, particularly in the small-data regime. In addition, we provide an upper bound on the sample complexity of JSRL and show that with the help of a guide-policy, one can improve the sample complexity for non-optimism exploration methods from exponential in horizon to polynomial. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, titled \"Jump-Start Reinforcement Learning,\" focuses on a meta algorithm (JSRL) that leverages offline data, demonstrations, or pre-existing policies to initialize reinforcement learning policies. It discusses the use of guide-policies and exploration-policies to improve performance and sample complexity in reinforcement learning tasks. However, the paper does not mention or analyze the PSDP (Policy Search by Dynamic Programming) algorithm or the NRPI (No-Regret Policy Iteration) algorithm. Furthermore, it does not provide evidence or discussion regarding the computational benefits of these specific algorithms when combined with modern training algorithms and architectures. Therefore, the paper does not satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which work proposed the original PC model for memory that follows a hierarchical and generative structure?\nTitle: Associative Memories via Predictive Coding\nAbstract:  Abstract Associative memories in the brain receive and store patterns of activity registered by the sensory neurons, and are able to retrieve them when necessary. Due to their importance in human intelligence, computational models of associative memories have been developed for several decades now. They include autoassociative memories, which allow for storing data points and retrieving a stored data point s𝑠s when provided with a noisy or partial variant of s𝑠s, and heteroassociative memories, able to store and recall multi-modal data. In this paper, we present a novel neural model for realizing associative memories, based on a hierarchical generative network that receives external stimuli via sensory neurons. This model is trained using predictive coding, an error-based learning algorithm inspired by information processing in the cortex. To test the capabilities of this model, we perform multiple retrieval experiments from both corrupted and incomplete data points. In an extensive comparison, we show that this new model outperforms in retrieval accuracy and robustness popular associative memory models, such as autoencoders trained via backpropagation, and modern Hopfield networks. In particular, in completing partial data points, our model achieves remarkable results on natural image datasets, such as ImageNet, with a surprisingly high accuracy, even when only a tiny fraction of pixels of the original images is presented. Furthermore, we show that this method is able to handle multi-modal data, retrieving images from descriptions, and vice versa. We conclude by discussing the possible impact of this work in the neuroscience community, by showing that our model provides a plausible framework to study learning and retrieval of memories in the brain, as it closely mimics the behavior of the hippocampus as a memory index and generative model.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Associative Memories via Predictive Coding\" does not propose the *original* Predictive Coding (PC) model for memory with a hierarchical and generative structure. While the paper discusses a novel neural model for associative memories based on predictive coding and highlights its hierarchical and generative nature, it does not claim to be the first or original work to propose the PC model. The abstract focuses on presenting a new application or extension of predictive coding for associative memory tasks, rather than introducing the foundational PC model. The user query specifically asks for the *original* work that proposed the PC model, which this paper does not satisfy."}
{"input": "User Query: What are the extensions to non-linear networks for learning principle components of the data in the study of RAEs?\nTitle: The dynamics of representation learning in shallow, non-linear autoencoders\nAbstract:  Abstract Autoencoders are the simplest neural network for unsupervised learning, and thus an ideal framework for studying feature learning. While a detailed understanding of the dynamics of linear autoencoders has recently been obtained, the study of non-linear autoencoders has been hindered by the technical difficulty of handling training data with non-trivial correlations – a fundamental prerequisite for feature extraction. Here, we study the dynamics of feature learning in non-linear, shallow autoencoders. We derive a set of asymptotically exact equations that describe the generalisation dynamics of autoencoders trained with stochastic gradient descent (SGD) in the limit of high-dimensional inputs. These equations reveal that autoencoders learn the leading principal components of their inputs sequentially. An analysis of the long-time dynamics explains the failure of sigmoidal autoencoders to learn with tied weights, and highlights the importance of training the bias in ReLU autoencoders. Building on previous results for linear networks, we analyse a modification of the vanilla SGD algorithm which allows learning of the exact principal components. Finally, we show that our equations accurately describe the generalisation dynamics of non-linear autoencoders trained on realistic datasets such as CIFAR10, thus establishing shallow autoencoders as an instance of the recently observed Gaussian universality. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper provides an in-depth analysis of the dynamics of representation learning in shallow, non-linear autoencoders and discusses their ability to learn the leading principal components of the data, it does not specifically address extensions to non-linear networks for learning principal components in the context of **RAEs (Regularized Autoencoders)**. The user query explicitly mentions RAEs, which are a specific type of autoencoder that typically incorporate regularization techniques to improve learning or generalization. The paper focuses on vanilla non-linear autoencoders and modifications to the SGD algorithm for learning principal components but does not explore or extend the study to RAEs or their specific mechanisms. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me studies that utilize a VQ-VAE to encode human motion into a discrete latent space?\nTitle: Neural Discrete Representation Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract Learning useful representations without supervision remains a key challenge in machine learning. In this paper, we propose a simple yet powerful generative model that learns such discrete representations. Our model, the Vector Quantised-Variational AutoEncoder (VQ-VAE), differs from VAEs in two key ways: the encoder network outputs discrete, rather than continuous, codes; and the prior is learnt rather than static. In order to learn a discrete latent representation, we incorporate ideas from vector quantisation (VQ). Using the VQ method allows the model to circumvent issues of “posterior collapse” -— where the latents are ignored when they are paired with a powerful autoregressive decoder -— typically observed in the VAE framework. Pairing these representations with an autoregressive prior, the model can generate high quality images, videos, and speech as well as doing high quality speaker conversion and unsupervised learning of phonemes, providing further evidence of the utility of the learnt representations. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Neural Discrete Representation Learning\" introduces the VQ-VAE model and discusses its application to various domains such as images, videos, speech, speaker conversion, and phoneme learning. However, it does not specifically mention utilizing VQ-VAE to encode **human motion** into a discrete latent space. While the paper provides a general framework for learning discrete representations, the user query explicitly asks for studies focused on encoding human motion, which this paper does not address."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works studied the existence of EF1 allocation for monotone combinatorial functions?\nTitle: On Approximate Envy-Freeness for Indivisible Chores and Mixed Resources\nAbstract:  Abstract We study the fair allocation of undesirable indivisible items, or chores. While the case of desirable indivisible items (or goods) is extensively studied, with many results known for different notions of fairness, less is known about the fair division of chores. We study envy-free allocation of chores and make three contributions. First, we show that determining the existence of an envy-free allocation is NP-complete even in the simple case when agents have binary additive valuations. Second, we provide a polynomial-time algorithm for computing an allocation that satisfies envy-freeness up to one chore (EF1), correcting a claim in the existing literature. A modification of our algorithm can be used to compute an EF1 allocation for doubly monotone instances (where each agent can partition the set of items into objective goods and objective chores). Our third result applies to a mixed resources model consisting of indivisible items and a divisible, undesirable heterogeneous resource (i.e., a bad cake). We show that there always exists an allocation that satisfies envy-freeness for mixed resources (EFM) in this setting, complementing a recent result of Bei et al. [22] for indivisible goods and divisible cake. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on the fair allocation of *chores* and mixed resources, specifically addressing envy-freeness up to one chore (EF1) and related concepts. While it does mention EF1 allocations, the paper's context is primarily about indivisible chores and mixed resources, not monotone combinatorial functions. The user query specifically asks about works studying the existence of EF1 allocation for monotone combinatorial functions, which is not the focus of this paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research papers were focused on studies of textual entailment?\nTitle: Swag: A Large-Scale Adversarial Dataset for Grounded Commonsense Inference\nAbstract:  Abstract Given a partial description like “she opened the hood of the car,” humans can reason about the situation and anticipate what might come next (“then, she examined the engine”). In this paper, we introduce the task of grounded commonsense inference, unifying natural language inference and commonsense reasoning. We present Swag, a new dataset with 113k multiple choice questions about a rich spectrum of grounded situations. To address the recurring challenges of the annotation artifacts and human biases found in many existing datasets, we propose Adversarial Filtering (AF), a novel procedure that constructs a de-biased dataset by iteratively training an ensemble of stylistic classifiers, and using them to filter the data. To account for the aggressive adversarial filtering, we use state-of-the-art language models to massively oversample a diverse set of potential counterfactuals. Empirical results demonstrate that while humans can solve the resulting inference problems with high accuracy (88%), various competitive models struggle on our task. We provide comprehensive analysis that indicates significant opportunities for future research. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Swag: A Large-Scale Adversarial Dataset for Grounded Commonsense Inference\" focuses on grounded commonsense inference, which involves reasoning about what might happen next in a given situation. While it mentions unifying natural language inference (NLI) and commonsense reasoning, the primary focus is not on textual entailment specifically. Textual entailment typically involves determining whether a hypothesis logically follows from a given premise, whereas this paper is more concerned with predicting plausible continuations of a scenario. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user query, which specifically seeks research papers focused on textual entailment."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies investigated the limitations of these supervised approaches in generalizing to other text domains?\nTitle: Release Strategies and the Social Impacts of Language Models\nAbstract: Large language models have a range of beneficial uses: they can assist in prose, poetry, and programming; analyze dataset biases; and more. However, their flexibility and generative capabilities also raise misuse concerns. This report discusses OpenAI's work related to the release of its GPT-2 language model. It discusses staged release, which allows time between model releases to conduct risk and benefit analyses as model sizes increased. It also discusses ongoing partnership-based research and provides recommendations for better coordination and responsible publication in AI.", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Release Strategies and the Social Impacts of Language Models,\" primarily focuses on the release strategies, risks, and social impacts of large language models like GPT-2. It discusses topics such as staged release, responsible publication, and partnerships for AI research. However, it does not specifically investigate the limitations of supervised approaches in generalizing to other text domains, which is the focus of the user query. The paper does not address the generalization challenges or limitations of supervised learning methods in adapting to different text domains, making it irrelevant to the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some works that used isoperimetric inequalities to loosen the strong log-concavity assumption?\nTitle: Proximal Langevin Algorithm: Rapid Convergence Under Isoperimetry\nAbstract:  Abstract We study the Proximal Langevin Algorithm (PLA) for sampling from a probability distribution ν=e−f𝜈superscript𝑒𝑓\\nu=e^{-f} on ℝnsuperscriptℝ𝑛\\mathbb{R}^{n} under isoperimetry. We prove a convergence guarantee for PLA in Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence when ν𝜈\\nu satisfies log-Sobolev inequality (LSI) and f𝑓f has bounded second and third derivatives. This improves on the result for the Unadjusted Langevin Algorithm (ULA), and matches the fastest known rate for sampling under LSI (without Metropolis filter) with a better dependence on the LSI constant. We also prove convergence guarantees for PLA in Rényi divergence of order q>1𝑞1q>1 when the biased limit satisfies either LSI or Poincaré inequality. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"Proximal Langevin Algorithm: Rapid Convergence Under Isoperimetry\" does not fully satisfy the user query. While the paper does involve isoperimetric inequalities and studies convergence guarantees for the Proximal Langevin Algorithm (PLA), it does not explicitly focus on using isoperimetric inequalities to *loosen the strong log-concavity assumption*. Instead, the paper assumes that the target distribution satisfies a log-Sobolev inequality (LSI), which is a strong condition related to log-concavity. The user query specifically asks for works that use isoperimetric inequalities to relax or weaken the strong log-concavity assumption, but this paper does not address that goal. Instead, it works within the framework of LSI and related inequalities without explicitly relaxing the log-concavity assumption."}
{"input": "User Query: What papers discussed the learning of invariances by means of MAP, marginal likelihood, BayesOpt, and meta learning?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the abstract are not included, making it impossible to evaluate whether it discusses the learning of invariances using MAP, marginal likelihood, BayesOpt, and meta-learning. Without clear evidence or content addressing the specific methods and topic outlined in the user query, the paper cannot be confirmed to satisfy the requirements."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers have employed MCMC methods like Gibbs sampling or Variational Inference for inferring model parameters?\nTitle: Variational Inference: A Review for Statisticians\nAbstract:  Abstract One of the core problems of modern statistics is to approximate difficult-to-compute probability densities. This problem is especially important in Bayesian statistics, which frames all inference about unknown quantities as a calculation involving the posterior density. In this paper, we review variational inference (vi), a method from machine learning that approximates probability densities through optimization. vi has been used in many applications and tends to be faster than classical methods, such as Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling. The idea behind vi is to first posit a family of densities and then to find the member of that family which is close to the target. Closeness is measured by Kullback-Leibler divergence. We review the ideas behind mean-field variational inference, discuss the special case of vi applied to exponential family models, present a full example with a Bayesian mixture of Gaussians, and derive a variant that uses stochastic optimization to scale up to massive data. We discuss modern research in vi and highlight important open problems. vi is powerful, but it is not yet well understood. Our hope in writing this paper is to catalyze statistical research on this class of algorithms. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper provides a comprehensive review of variational inference (VI), which is one of the methods mentioned in the user query, it does not explicitly state that it employs VI (or MCMC methods like Gibbs sampling) for inferring model parameters in its own research. Instead, the paper is a review article that discusses the concepts, applications, and advancements of VI, along with a comparison to MCMC methods. The user query specifically asks for papers that *employ* these methods for parameter inference, not papers that review or discuss them. Therefore, this paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some studies that look into representation learning for reinforcement learning?\nTitle: Provably Efficient Multi-Task Reinforcement Learning with Model Transfer\nAbstract:  Abstract We study multi-task reinforcement learning (RL) in tabular episodic Markov decision processes (MDPs). We formulate a heterogeneous multi-player RL problem, in which a group of players concurrently face similar but not necessarily identical MDPs, with a goal of improving their collective performance through inter-player information sharing. We design and analyze an algorithm based on the idea of model transfer, and provide gap-dependent and gap-independent upper and lower bounds that characterize the intrinsic complexity of the problem. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper focuses on multi-task reinforcement learning (RL) in tabular episodic Markov decision processes (MDPs) and explores the concept of model transfer to improve collective performance among players. While the paper addresses multi-task RL and inter-player information sharing, it does not explicitly investigate or discuss representation learning for reinforcement learning. Representation learning typically involves learning compact, meaningful representations of the environment or state space to improve RL performance, which is not the focus of this paper. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What research works have explored the augmentation of inter-frame attention modeling on the basis of text-to-image models for video generation?\nTitle: Video Diffusion Models\nAbstract:  Abstract Generating temporally coherent high fidelity video is an important milestone in generative modeling research. We make progress towards this milestone by proposing a diffusion model for video generation that shows very promising initial results. Our model is a natural extension of the standard image diffusion architecture, and it enables jointly training from image and video data, which we find to reduce the variance of minibatch gradients and speed up optimization. To generate long and higher resolution videos we introduce a new conditional sampling technique for spatial and temporal video extension that performs better than previously proposed methods. We present the first results on a large text-conditioned video generation task, as well as state-of-the-art results on established benchmarks for video prediction and unconditional video generation. Supplementary material is available at https://video-diffusion.github.io/. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper, \"Video Diffusion Models,\" does not explicitly explore the augmentation of inter-frame attention modeling on the basis of text-to-image models for video generation. While the paper discusses a diffusion model for video generation and mentions advancements in generating temporally coherent videos, it primarily focuses on extending image diffusion architectures to video, joint training from image and video data, and introducing a new conditional sampling technique for spatial and temporal video extension. There is no explicit mention or detailed exploration of inter-frame attention modeling or its augmentation based on text-to-image models, which is the specific focus of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide a study that used collaborative training of CNN for an RGB camera and a force sensor to facilitate contact-rich manipulation tasks?\nTitle: Making Sense of Vision and Touch: Learning Multimodal Representations for Contact-Rich Tasks\nAbstract:  Abstract Contact-rich manipulation tasks in unstructured environments often require both haptic and visual feedback. It is non-trivial to manually design a robot controller that combines these modalities which have very different characteristics. While deep reinforcement learning has shown success in learning control policies for high-dimensional inputs, these algorithms are generally intractable to deploy on real robots due to sample complexity. In this work, we use self-supervision to learn a compact and multimodal representation of our sensory inputs, which can then be used to improve the sample efficiency of our policy learning. Evaluating our method on a peg insertion task, we show that it generalizes over varying geometries, configurations, and clearances, while being robust to external perturbations. We also systematically study different self-supervised learning objectives and representation learning architectures. Results are presented in simulation and on a physical robot. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper does address contact-rich manipulation tasks and involves multimodal sensory inputs (vision and touch), it does not explicitly state that it uses collaborative training of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for an RGB camera and a force sensor. The paper focuses on using self-supervised learning to create a compact multimodal representation for sensory inputs, which is then used to improve policy learning. However, the query specifically asks for collaborative training of a CNN for an RGB camera and a force sensor, which is not explicitly mentioned or detailed in the abstract of the paper. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me with some studies which used generative probabilistic models to reconstruct full-body motion from three 6D trackers?\nTitle: Avatars Grow Legs: Generating Smooth Human Motion from Sparse Tracking Inputs with Diffusion Model\nAbstract:  Abstract With the recent surge in popularity of AR/VR applications, realistic and accurate control of 3D full-body avatars has become a highly demanded feature. A particular challenge is that only a sparse tracking signal is available from standalone HMDs (Head Mounted Devices), often limited to tracking the user’s head and wrists. While this signal is resourceful for reconstructing the upper body motion, the lower body is not tracked and must be synthesized from the limited information provided by the upper body joints. In this paper, we present AGRoL, a novel conditional diffusion model specifically designed to track full bodies given sparse upper-body tracking signals. Our model is based on a simple multi-layer perceptron (MLP) architecture and a novel conditioning scheme for motion data. It can predict accurate and smooth full-body motion, particularly the challenging lower body movement. Unlike common diffusion architectures, our compact architecture can run in real-time, making it suitable for online body-tracking applications. We train and evaluate our model on AMASS motion capture dataset, and demonstrate that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods in generated motion accuracy and smoothness. We further justify our design choices through extensive experiments and ablation studies. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper titled \"Avatars Grow Legs: Generating Smooth Human Motion from Sparse Tracking Inputs with Diffusion Model\" does use a generative probabilistic model (a diffusion model) to reconstruct full-body motion from sparse tracking inputs, it does not explicitly state that it uses three 6D trackers as required by the user query. Instead, the paper mentions reconstructing full-body motion from sparse upper-body tracking signals, specifically focusing on signals from standalone HMDs (head-mounted devices) that track the user's head and wrists. This setup does not clearly align with the specific requirement of using three 6D trackers. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which papers proposed the use of large kernels in convolutional networks?\nTitle: Going deeper with convolutions\nAbstract:  Abstract We propose a deep convolutional neural network architecture codenamed “Inception”, which was responsible for setting the new state of the art for classification and detection in the ImageNet Large-Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2014 (ILSVRC’14). The main hallmark of this architecture is the improved utilization of the computing resources inside the network. This was achieved by a carefully crafted design that allows for increasing the depth and width of the network while keeping the computational budget constant. To optimize quality, the architectural decisions were based on the Hebbian principle and the intuition of multi-scale processing. One particular incarnation used in our submission for ILSVRC’14 is called GoogLeNet, a 22 layers deep network, the quality of which is assessed in the context of classification and detection. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Going deeper with convolutions\" introduces the Inception architecture (GoogLeNet) and focuses on efficient utilization of computational resources by employing multi-scale processing and a carefully designed network structure. While the architecture does involve convolutional layers of varying kernel sizes (e.g., 1x1, 3x3, 5x5) to capture information at multiple scales, it does not specifically propose the use of *large kernels* as a central theme or innovation. The primary emphasis is on combining multiple kernel sizes for multi-scale feature extraction rather than advocating for or focusing on the use of large kernels in convolutional networks. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the detailed requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies discuss the use of Direct Method and how it suffers from high bias when the reward model is misspecified?\nTitle: Empirical Study of Off-Policy Policy Evaluation for Reinforcement Learning\nAbstract:  Abstract We offer an experimental benchmark and empirical study for off-policy policy evaluation (OPE) in reinforcement learning, which is a key problem in many safety critical applications. Given the increasing interest in deploying learning-based methods, there has been a flurry of recent proposals for OPE method, leading to a need for standardized empirical analyses. Our work takes a strong focus on diversity of experimental design to enable stress testing of OPE methods. We provide a comprehensive benchmarking suite to study the interplay of different attributes on method performance. We also distill the results into a summarized set of guidelines for OPE in practice. Our software package, the Caltech OPE Benchmarking Suite (COBS), is open-sourced and we invite interested researchers to further contribute to the benchmark.  ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The searched paper titled \"Empirical Study of Off-Policy Policy Evaluation for Reinforcement Learning\" does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query. While the paper discusses off-policy policy evaluation (OPE) methods in reinforcement learning and provides a benchmarking suite for evaluating OPE methods, it does not specifically focus on the *Direct Method* or analyze how it suffers from high bias when the reward model is misspecified. The abstract emphasizes the benchmarking and empirical analysis of OPE methods in general, without delving into the specific challenges or limitations of the Direct Method related to reward model misspecification. Therefore, it does not directly address the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you mention some works that targeted open-vocabulary 3D object detection?\nTitle: Learning Transferable Visual Models From Natural Language Supervision\nAbstract:  Abstract State-of-the-art computer vision systems are trained to predict a fixed set of predetermined object categories. This restricted form of supervision limits their generality and usability since additional labeled data is needed to specify any other visual concept. Learning directly from raw text about images is a promising alternative which leverages a much broader source of supervision. We demonstrate that the simple pre-training task of predicting which caption goes with which image is an efficient and scalable way to learn SOTA image representations from scratch on a dataset of 400 million (image, text) pairs collected from the internet. After pre-training, natural language is used to reference learned visual concepts (or describe new ones) enabling zero-shot transfer of the model to downstream tasks. We study the performance of this approach by benchmarking on over 30 different existing computer vision datasets, spanning tasks such as OCR, action recognition in videos, geo-localization, and many types of fine-grained object classification. The model transfers non-trivially to most tasks and is often competitive with a fully supervised baseline without the need for any dataset specific training. For instance, we match the accuracy of the original ResNet-50 on ImageNet zero-shot without needing to use any of the 1.28 million training examples it was trained on. We release our code and pre-trained model weights at https://github.com/OpenAI/CLIP. ", "output": "Decision: False  \nReason: The searched paper, \"Learning Transferable Visual Models From Natural Language Supervision,\" primarily focuses on learning visual representations from natural language supervision using a large-scale dataset of image-text pairs. While it enables zero-shot transfer to various downstream tasks, including fine-grained object classification, it does not specifically target open-vocabulary 3D object detection. The paper discusses general vision tasks and zero-shot learning but does not address 3D object detection or open-vocabulary capabilities in the context of 3D data, which is a key requirement of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: What studies make base and incremental sessions compatible via pseudo-feature, augmentation or finding a flat minima?\nTitle: Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning from an Open-Set Perspective\nAbstract:  Abstract The continual appearance of new objects in the visual world poses considerable challenges for current deep learning methods in real-world deployments. The challenge of new task learning is often exacerbated by the scarcity of data for the new categories due to rarity or cost. Here we explore the important task of Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning (FSCIL) and its extreme data scarcity condition of one-shot. An ideal FSCIL model needs to perform well on all classes, regardless of their presentation order or paucity of data. It also needs to be robust to open-set real-world conditions and be easily adapted to the new tasks that always arise in the field. In this paper, we first reevaluate the current task setting and propose a more comprehensive and practical setting for the FSCIL task. Then, inspired by the similarity of the goals for FSCIL and modern face recognition systems, we propose our method — Augmented Angular Loss Incremental Classification or ALICE. In ALICE, instead of the commonly used cross-entropy loss, we propose to use the angular penalty loss to obtain well-clustered features. As the obtained features not only need to be compactly clustered but also diverse enough to maintain generalization for future incremental classes, we further discuss how class augmentation, data augmentation, and data balancing affect classification performance. Experiments on benchmark datasets, including CIFAR100, miniImageNet, and CUB200, demonstrate the improved performance of ALICE over the state-of-the-art FSCIL methods. Code is available at https://github.com/CanPeng123/FSCIL_ALICE. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the paper addresses Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning (FSCIL) and explores methods such as angular penalty loss, class augmentation, data augmentation, and data balancing, it does not explicitly focus on making base and incremental sessions compatible via pseudo-feature generation, augmentation, or finding a flat minima. The user query specifically asks for studies that address compatibility between base and incremental sessions using these techniques, but the paper primarily focuses on feature clustering and improving FSCIL performance through angular loss and augmentation strategies. There is no explicit mention of pseudo-feature generation or finding a flat minima in the paper's abstract."}
{"input": "User Query: Are there any works which distilled CLIP image features into a NeRF representation for 3D segmentation?\nTitle: TensoRF: Tensorial Radiance Fields\nAbstract:  Abstract We present TensoRF, a novel approach to model and reconstruct radiance fields. Unlike NeRF that purely uses MLPs, we model the radiance field of a scene as a 4D tensor, which represents a 3D voxel grid with per-voxel multi-channel features. Our central idea is to factorize the 4D scene tensor into multiple compact low-rank tensor components. We demonstrate that applying traditional CANDECOMP/PARAFAC (CP) decomposition – that factorizes tensors into rank-one components with compact vectors – in our framework leads to improvements over vanilla NeRF. To further boost performance, we introduce a novel vector-matrix (VM) decomposition that relaxes the low-rank constraints for two modes of a tensor and factorizes tensors into compact vector and matrix factors. Beyond superior rendering quality, our models with CP and VM decompositions lead to a significantly lower memory footprint in comparison to previous and concurrent works that directly optimize per-voxel features. Experimentally, we demonstrate that TensoRF with CP decomposition achieves fast reconstruction (<30absent30<30 min) with better rendering quality and even a smaller model size (<4absent4<4 MB) compared to NeRF. Moreover, TensoRF with VM decomposition further boosts rendering quality and outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods, while reducing the reconstruction time (<10absent10<10 min) and retaining a compact model size (<75absent75<75 MB). ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"TensoRF: Tensorial Radiance Fields\" focuses on improving the efficiency and quality of radiance field modeling and reconstruction by introducing tensor decomposition techniques (CP and VM decompositions). While it discusses advancements in rendering quality, memory efficiency, and reconstruction speed compared to NeRF, it does not address the distillation of CLIP image features into a NeRF representation, nor does it explore 3D segmentation tasks. The user query specifically asks about works that integrate CLIP features into NeRF for 3D segmentation, which is not covered in this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Which prior studies have focused on rebalancing approaches for dealing with long-tailed recognition problems?\nTitle: Distributed Representations of Words and Phrases and their Compositionality\nAbstract:  Abstract The recently introduced continuous Skip-gram model is an efficient method for learning high-quality distributed vector representations that capture a large number of precise syntactic and semantic word relationships. In this paper we present several extensions that improve both the quality of the vectors and the training speed. By subsampling of the frequent words we obtain significant speedup and also learn more regular word representations. We also describe a simple alternative to the hierarchical softmax called negative sampling. An inherent limitation of word representations is their indifference to word order and their inability to represent idiomatic phrases. For example, the meanings of “Canada” and “Air” cannot be easily combined to obtain “Air Canada”. Motivated by this example, we present a simple method for finding phrases in text, and show that learning good vector representations for millions of phrases is possible. ", "output": "False\n\nReason: The paper titled \"Distributed Representations of Words and Phrases and their Compositionality\" focuses on methods for learning distributed vector representations of words and phrases, improving training speed, and addressing limitations of word representations such as indifference to word order. It does not address rebalancing approaches or long-tailed recognition problems, which are the focus of the user query. The content of the paper is unrelated to the specific topic of rebalancing methods for dealing with long-tailed recognition issues."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works are based on learning to predict object motions from pixels using frame-centric features?\nTitle: Learning Latent Dynamics for Planning from Pixels\nAbstract:  Abstract Planning has been very successful for control tasks with known environment dynamics. To leverage planning in unknown environments, the agent needs to learn the dynamics from interactions with the world. However, learning dynamics models that are accurate enough for planning has been a long-standing challenge, especially in image-based domains. We propose the Deep Planning Network (PlaNet), a purely model-based agent that learns the environment dynamics from images and chooses actions through fast online planning in latent space. To achieve high performance, the dynamics model must accurately predict the rewards ahead for multiple time steps. We approach this using a latent dynamics model with both deterministic and stochastic transition components. Moreover, we propose a multi-step variational inference objective that we name latent overshooting. Using only pixel observations, our agent solves continuous control tasks with contact dynamics, partial observability, and sparse rewards, which exceed the difficulty of tasks that were previously solved by planning with learned models. PlaNet uses substantially fewer episodes and reaches final performance close to and sometimes higher than strong model-free algorithms. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Learning Latent Dynamics for Planning from Pixels\" focuses on learning environment dynamics from pixel observations to enable planning in control tasks. However, it does so by learning a **latent dynamics model** that operates in a latent space, rather than directly predicting object motions using **frame-centric features**. The latent dynamics model abstracts the pixel observations into a latent representation, which is then used for planning and control. This approach is not frame-centric, as it does not explicitly rely on features extracted directly from individual frames to predict object motions. Instead, it leverages a higher-level latent representation for its predictions and planning. Therefore, the paper does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Which studies improve the speed of diffusion models by combining them with GANs and other generative models?\nTitle: 1 Introduction\nAbstract: ", "output": "False  \nReason: The provided paper title, \"1 Introduction,\" and the abstract are not detailed in the query. Without specific information about the content of the paper, it is impossible to determine whether it addresses the improvement of diffusion model speed by combining them with GANs or other generative models. The title and abstract do not provide sufficient evidence to conclude that the paper satisfies the user's query."}
{"input": "User Query: What researches illustrated how neural networks in the field of medical imaging interpret hospital-specific tokens or incidental cues instead of actual disease symptoms?\nTitle: Hidden Stratification Causes Clinically Meaningful Failures in Machine Learning for Medical Imaging\nAbstract: ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled *\"Hidden Stratification Causes Clinically Meaningful Failures in Machine Learning for Medical Imaging\"* focuses on the concept of hidden stratification, which refers to the presence of unrecognized subgroups in datasets that can lead to clinically significant errors in machine learning models. While this topic is relevant to understanding failures in medical imaging AI, the abstract does not explicitly indicate that the research investigates how neural networks interpret hospital-specific tokens or incidental cues instead of actual disease symptoms. The user query specifically asks for studies illustrating such behavior, and this paper does not clearly satisfy that requirement based on the provided information."}
{"input": "User Query: What are some studies in the field of generative models applied to tasks such as image-to-image translation and image reconstruction?\nTitle: The Medical Segmentation Decathlon\nAbstract:  Abstract International challenges have become the de facto standard for comparative assessment of image analysis algorithms given a specific task. Segmentation is so far the most widely investigated medical image processing task, but the various segmentation challenges have typically been organized in isolation, such that algorithm development was driven by the need to tackle a single specific clinical problem. We hypothesized that a method capable of performing well on multiple tasks will generalize well to a previously unseen task and potentially outperform a custom-designed solution. To investigate the hypothesis, we organized the Medical Segmentation Decathlon (MSD)—a biomedical image analysis challenge, in which algorithms compete in a multitude of both tasks and modalities. The underlying data set was designed to explore the axis of difficulties typically encountered when dealing with medical images, such as small data sets, unbalanced labels, multi-site data and small objects. The MSD challenge confirmed that algorithms with a consistent good performance on a set of tasks preserved their good average performance on a different set of previously unseen tasks. Moreover, by monitoring the MSD winner for two years, we found that this algorithm continued generalizing well to a wide range of other clinical problems, further confirming our hypothesis. Three main conclusions can be drawn from this study: (1) state-of-the-art image segmentation algorithms are mature, accurate, and generalize well when retrained on unseen tasks; (2) consistent algorithmic performance across multiple tasks is a strong surrogate of algorithmic generalizability; (3) the training of accurate AI segmentation models is now commoditized to non AI experts. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper titled \"The Medical Segmentation Decathlon\" focuses on the evaluation and generalization of medical image segmentation algorithms across multiple tasks and modalities. While it discusses challenges in medical image analysis and the generalizability of segmentation algorithms, it does not address the specific topic of generative models applied to tasks such as image-to-image translation or image reconstruction. The user query explicitly seeks studies related to generative models and their application to these tasks, which is not the focus of this paper."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you mention the studies focusing on improvements to BERT in compute settings comparable to the original BERT?\nTitle: The MultiBerts: Bert Reproductions for Robustness Analysis\nAbstract:  Abstract Experiments with pre-trained models such as Bert are often based on a single checkpoint. While the conclusions drawn apply to the artifact tested in the experiment (i.e., the particular instance of the model), it is not always clear whether they hold for the more general procedure which includes the architecture, training data, initialization scheme, and loss function. Recent work has shown that repeating the pre-training process can lead to substantially different performance, suggesting that an alternate strategy is needed to make principled statements about procedures. To enable researchers to draw more robust conclusions, we introduce the MultiBerts, a set of 25 Bert-Base checkpoints, trained with similar hyper-parameters as the original Bert model but differing in random weight initialization and shuffling of training data. We also define the Multi-Bootstrap, a non-parametric bootstrap method for statistical inference designed for settings where there are multiple pre-trained models and limited test data. To illustrate our approach, we present a case study of gender bias in coreference resolution, in which the Multi-Bootstrap lets us measure effects that may not be detected with a single checkpoint. We release our models and statistical library,111http://goo.gle/multiberts along with an additional set of 140 intermediate checkpoints captured during pre-training to facilitate research on learning dynamics. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"The MultiBerts: Bert Reproductions for Robustness Analysis\" does not focus on improvements to BERT in compute settings comparable to the original BERT. Instead, it focuses on analyzing the robustness of conclusions drawn from experiments with pre-trained models like BERT by introducing multiple BERT-Base checkpoints trained with similar hyperparameters but differing in random initialization and data shuffling. The primary goal of the paper is to enable more robust statistical inference and analysis of variability in pre-trained models, not to propose or evaluate improvements to BERT itself. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the user query, which specifically seeks studies on improvements to BERT."}
{"input": "User Query: Which works show the success of transformer-based pre-trained LLMs in code, both in understanding and generation?\nTitle: Exploring the Limits of Transfer Learning with a Unified Text-to-Text Transformer\nAbstract:  Abstract Transfer learning, where a model is first pre-trained on a data-rich task before being fine-tuned on a downstream task, has emerged as a powerful technique in natural language processing (NLP). The effectiveness of transfer learning has given rise to a diversity of approaches, methodology, and practice. In this paper, we explore the landscape of transfer learning techniques for NLP by introducing a unified framework that converts all text-based language problems into a text-to-text format. Our systematic study compares pre-training objectives, architectures, unlabeled data sets, transfer approaches, and other factors on dozens of language understanding tasks. By combining the insights from our exploration with scale and our new “Colossal Clean Crawled Corpus”, we achieve state-of-the-art results on many benchmarks covering summarization, question answering, text classification, and more. To facilitate future work on transfer learning for NLP, we release our data set, pre-trained models, and code.111https://github.com/google-research/text-to-text-transfer-transformer ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Exploring the Limits of Transfer Learning with a Unified Text-to-Text Transformer\" focuses on the success of transformer-based pre-trained language models (LLMs) in natural language processing (NLP) tasks, such as summarization, question answering, and text classification. While it demonstrates the effectiveness of transfer learning and pre-trained transformers in text-based tasks, it does not specifically address tasks related to code, such as code understanding or code generation. The user query explicitly seeks works that showcase the success of transformer-based pre-trained LLMs in the domain of code, which this paper does not cover. Therefore, it does not fully satisfy the requirements of the user query."}
{"input": "User Query: Can you provide some studies that improved or inspired the creation of random features for the Gaussian kernel?\nTitle: Oblivious Sketching of High-Degree Polynomial KernelsThis paper is a merged version of the work of Ahle and Knudsen [AK19] and Kapralov, Pagh, Velingker, Woodruff and Zandieh [KPV+19].\nAbstract:  Abstract Kernel methods are fundamental tools in machine learning that allow detection of non-linear dependencies between data without explicitly constructing feature vectors in high dimensional spaces. A major disadvantage of kernel methods is their poor scalability: primitives such as kernel PCA or kernel ridge regression generally take prohibitively large quadratic space and (at least) quadratic time, as kernel matrices are usually dense. Some methods for speeding up kernel linear algebra are known, but they all invariably take time exponential in either the dimension of the input point set (e.g., fast multipole methods suffer from the curse of dimensionality) or in the degree of the kernel function. Oblivious sketching has emerged as a powerful approach to speeding up numerical linear algebra over the past decade, but our understanding of oblivious sketching solutions for kernel matrices has remained quite limited, suffering from the aforementioned exponential dependence on input parameters. Our main contribution is a general method for applying sketching solutions developed in numerical linear algebra over the past decade to a tensoring of data points without forming the tensoring explicitly. This leads to the first oblivious sketch for the polynomial kernel with a target dimension that is only polynomially dependent on the degree of the kernel function, as well as the first oblivious sketch for the Gaussian kernel on bounded datasets that does not suffer from an exponential dependence on the dimensionality of input data points. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** The paper \"Oblivious Sketching of High-Degree Polynomial Kernels\" primarily focuses on the development of oblivious sketching techniques for kernel matrices, including the Gaussian kernel, to improve computational efficiency. While it mentions the Gaussian kernel and provides a sketching approach that avoids exponential dependence on input dimensionality, the paper does not specifically address the creation or improvement of *random features* for the Gaussian kernel. Instead, it focuses on sketching methods for kernel approximation, which is a related but distinct topic. The user query explicitly asks for studies that improved or inspired the creation of random features for the Gaussian kernel, and this paper does not satisfy that requirement."}
{"input": "User Query: Could you provide me some papers where the implicit rank regularization and dynamics analysis are studied in tensor problems and neural networks?\nTitle: Implicit Regularization Towards Rank Minimization in ReLU Networks\nAbstract:  Abstract We study the conjectured relationship between the implicit regularization in neural networks, trained with gradient-based methods, and rank minimization of their weight matrices. Previously, it was proved that for linear networks (of depth 222 and vector-valued outputs), gradient flow (GF) w.r.t. the square loss acts as a rank minimization heuristic. However, understanding to what extent this generalizes to nonlinear networks is an open problem. In this paper, we focus on nonlinear ReLU networks, providing several new positive and negative results. On the negative side, we prove (and demonstrate empirically) that, unlike the linear case, GF on ReLU networks may no longer tend to minimize ranks, in a rather strong sense (even approximately, for “most” datasets of size 222). On the positive side, we reveal that ReLU networks of sufficient depth are provably biased towards low-rank solutions in several reasonable settings. ", "output": "**Decision:** False  \n**Reason:** While the searched paper does study implicit rank regularization and dynamics analysis in neural networks, it does not address tensor problems, which are explicitly mentioned in the user query. The paper focuses on the implicit regularization in ReLU networks and its relationship to rank minimization, but there is no indication that it extends this analysis to tensor problems. Therefore, the paper only partially satisfies the query and does not fully meet the detailed requirements."}
